   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/wolfgang-
calicchio-309b438 (LinkedIn)
www.wsp.com (Company)
Top Skills
Environmental Awareness
Soil
Water
Wolfgang Calicchio
Assistant Vice President Senior Chemist at WSP USA
Gardiner, Maine, United States
Summary
Consulting analytical chemist specializing in scoping, proposing,
costing and establishing analytical laboratory field programs.
Program budgets ranged from several thousand to a million dollars.
Program scopes from several days to three years. Programs have
ranged throughout the contiguous United States and Kazakhstan. 
Have extensive experience in training and supervising junior
chemists. Also have extensive knowledge and experience in various
USEPA Region data validation guidelines, and performed and written
numerous data validation reports.
Specialties: Specialties include indoor air and vapor intrusion
investigations using the Hapsite ER portable GC/MS, applying
the TRIAD approach to field investigations, interpreting analytical
data results to field investigations, gas chromatography and XRF
applications for effective use in SI/FS/RI programs.
Experience
WSP USA E&I, Inc.
Associate Chemist
September 1988 - Present (35 years 3 months)
Portland, Maine Area
As an Associate Chemist, my primary responsibilities include scoping of
project requirements, consulting analytical chemist, XRF RSO for the Portland
office, cost quotations, performance of required work, training and supervision
of technicians, draft and final report writing.  Project work has been completed
throughout the contiguous United States and Kazakstan.
As a Field Chemist, primary responsibilities include establishing field
laboratories, maintaining analytical instrumentation, field analysis of indoor air,
soil vapor, soil, marine sediment, soil vapor, and water samples.  Methods of
analysis include gas chromatography, mass spectroscopy, IR spectroscopy, X-
ray fluorescence, and atomic absorption spectrometry.
  Page 1 of 3
   
I began working here when the company was EC Jordan.  The company then
transitioned to Combustion Engineering, was bought by ABB Environamental
Services; sold to Harding Lawson Associates, purchased Law Environmental
and became MACTEC, purchased by AMEC and became the part of the
Environment and Infrastructure Division.  AMEC purchased Foster Wheeler
and we became Amec Foster Wheeler, Inc.  Amec Foster Wheeler was
recently purchased and we are now Wood.
WSP USA
Assistant Vice President Senior Chemist
September 1988 - Present (35 years 3 months)
Portland, Maine, United States
ABB Environmental
chemist
1989 - 1994 (5 years)
Amec Foster Wheeler - Environment & Infrastructure, Inc.
Senior Environmental Scientist
September 1988 - September 1988 (1 month)
As a Senior Environmental Scientist, my primary responsibilities include
scoping of project requirements, cost quotations, performance of required
work, training and supervision of technicians, draft and final report writing.
Project work has been completed throughout the contiguous United States and
Asia.
As a Field Chemist, primary responsibilities include establishing field
laboratories, maintaining analytical instrumentation, field analysis of soil,
marine sediment, soil vapor, and water samples.  Methods of analysis
include gas chromatography, mass spectroscopy, IR spectroscopy, X-ray
fluorescence, and atomic absorption spectrometry.
I began working here when the company was EC Jordan.  The company then
transitioned to Combustion Engineering, was bought by ABB Environamental
Services; sold to Harding Lawson Associates, purchased Law Environmental
and became MACTEC.  Most recently, we have been purchased by AMEC and
are now an integral office in the Environment & Infrastructure division.
Peck Laboratories
  Page 2 of 3
   
Chemist
October 1986 - September 1988 (2 years)
Analytical chemist performing biological, inorganic and organic analyses of
surfacewaters, groundwaters, marine, sediments, soils, ash.  Also scheduled
and collected field samples.
Education
University of New England
Bachelor of Science, Marine Biology and Environmental
Analysis · (1982 - 1987)
Martin Luther HS, Maspeth
 · (1980 - 1982)
  Page 3 of 3
