   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/lindsay-silver-
b49393119 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Microsoft Word
Microsoft Office
Social Media
Lindsay Silver
Account Executive at DocuSign
San Francisco, California, United States
Experience
DocuSign
3 years 5 months
Account Executive
March 2022 - Present (1 year 9 months)
Sr. Market Development
May 2021 - March 2022 (11 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Market Development
July 2020 - May 2021 (11 months)
Chicago, Illinois, United States
Uber Freight
Account Executive - Strategic Partnerships
December 2019 - May 2020 (6 months)
Greater Chicago Area
Apex Systems
1 year 5 months
Account Manager
January 2019 - December 2019 (1 year)
Las Vegas, Nevada Area
-Engaged in Business to Business sales with new and existing clients for
supplemental staffing or long-term consulting engagements in the fields of
Information Technology, Business Applications and Telecommunications. 
-Acted as the business partner to advise clients on the appropriate staffing
model (staff augmentation, SOW, RPO, MSP, VMS) based on IT goals. 
-Posses sales skills in the areas of cold calling, closing, contract negotiating,
prospecting, client management, customer service and delivery. 
-Maintained vendor relations by providing ongoing communication and
problem resolu... See more
Technical Recruiter
August 2018 - December 2019 (1 year 5 months)
  Page 1 of 2
   
Las Vegas, Nevada
-Work with local and national technical consultants to identify contract,
contract-to-permanent and permanent positions in the areas of IT, Business
Applications, Telecommunications and Engineering. 
-Network with local User Groups, Technical Schools and Technology
Evangelists to grow and enhance the technical personnel community.
-Source potential candidates by utilizing Apex’s proprietary database, referrals,
User Groups, job boards and advertising.
-Maintain a best in class screening process by meeting all candidates for face-
to-face interviews, conducting reference checks and administering technical
tests.
-Maintain strong relationships with technical personnel through consistent
communication, honesty and loyalty.
-Serve as point of contact for career coaching, resume enhancements, pay
rate negotiations, benefits and payroll questions.
-Work closely with Sales and Management Team to understand and deliver on
client’s needs
Katherine Delmar Burke School
Kindergarten Teacher
August 2016 - August 2018 (2 years 1 month)
San Francisco Bay Area
Education
Miami University
Bachelor's degree, Early Childhood Education and Teaching
  Page 2 of 2
