   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
wolfgangsegmuller (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
DevOps
Cloud Applications
Docker
Honors-Awards
IBM Corporate Award for IBM
Workload Deployer Technologies
Outstanding Technical Achievement
Award for Middleware Virtualization
Technologies
Publications
CPU demand for web serving:
Measurement analysis and dynamic
estimation
Sieve Email Filtering: Extension for
Notifications
Workload orchestration and
optimization for software defined
environments
Sieve Email Filtering: Relational
Extension
Patents
Integrated virtual infrastructure
system
Controlling workload of a computer
system through only external
monitoring
Dynamically building a set of
compute nodes to host the user's
workload
Methods and apparatus for
discovering data providers satisfying
provider queries
Wolfgang Segmuller
Senior Cloud Architect at State Street Technology Research
New York City Metropolitan Area
Summary
I led the testing architecture of an OpenStack cloud.  Implemented
chaos and performance testing and automation for repeatable
testing.  
I led DevOps education at Research, with 95% of participants would
recommend to others.  I led security and DevOps development of a
service, enabling code check-in to production within 2 hours.
I performed security reviews that found numerous security issues
which were then addressed by the development team.
I led architecture, design, and implementation of hypervisor
communications, in Java and Groovy in IBM Workload Deployer,
released as a product.  I received an IBM Corporate Award for this
work.
I led the design and implementation of a work profiler, in Java.
This helped schedule traffic to backend web servers to prevent
overloading the servers.
I created a Bridge scoring application using SPA and server written
in Scala.  This was well received by my bridge group.  https://
github.com/thebridsk/bridgescorer
Skills:
Process: Agile, DevOps
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux
Languages: Java, Scala, Python, C, C++, HTML, CSS, JavaScript
Technologies: GraphQL, Facebook React, Swagger
Automation: Jenkins, Travis CI, Terraform, Ansible
Runtime: Docker, Kubernetes, VMWare, AWS, IBM Cloud,
OpenStack
Test: TDD, BDD, Behave, PyUnit, JUnit, ScalaTest
Planning: GitHub, ZenHub
  Page 1 of 3
   
Experience
State Street Technology Research
Senior Cloud Architect
2018 - Present (5 years)
Greater New York City Area
IBM Research
Senior Software Engineering, DevOps
2014 - 2018 (4 years)
Greater New York City Area
• Architected, designed and implemented a service based on microservices
using Agile and DevOps principles and practices written in Python.  
• Led the DevOps and Security for the team.  
• With the pipeline I developed we were able to deploy to production within 2
hours of making a code change.
• Led the technical team and taught DevOps to research teams.  
• Created bootcamps, weekly seminars and provided consultation services.
95% of the bootcamp participants would recommend the bootcamp to others.
IBM Research
Senior Software Engineering, Cloud Systems
2010 - 2013 (3 years)
Greater New York City Area
• Architectured, designed, and implemented of the VMSupport layer for
monitoring and manipulating hypervisors.  This was released in IBM Workload
Deployer.  Received an IBM Corporate Award for this work. 
IBM Research
Senior Software Engineering, Application Server
2004 - 2009 (5 years)
Greater New York City Area
• Designed and implemented a work profiler, in Java, for measuring resource
usage per request, this was used to prevent overloading of backend
application servers.  
  Page 2 of 3
   
• Developed a log analysis tool verifying proper operation of work profiler.
Education
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute
Bachelor's degree, Computer Science, Chemistry
  Page 3 of 3
