   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/wolfgang-
wilke-48a70a3 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Start-ups
Business Strategy
Management Consulting
Wolfgang Wilke
Partner at Cybercontrols, LLC and Owner, Cybercontrols, LLC
Lake in the Hills, Illinois, United States
Experience
4Discovery
Forensic Examiner
2014 - Present (9 years)
Cybercontrols, LLC
Partner/ Sr. Director of Operations
January 2003 - Present (20 years 11 months)
As Sr. Director of Operations-Forensic Services at the Barrington, IL office
of CyberControls, LLC.,  I am directly involved in all forensic operations
and e-discovery cases at CyberControls including forensic acquisitions,
examinations, productions and expert testimony.
My past decade of computer forensic experience has proven to be
instrumental in leading to both convictions, exonerations and favorable
settlements in hundreds of civil and criminal disputes. The variety of cases
have spanned from fraud/embezzlement, misappropriation of trade secrets,
reversal of wrongful criminal convictions, sexual harassment, computer
code theft, deliberate spoliation of electronic evidence and a wide range of
employee misconduct disputes.
As a court qualified expert with over eight years of management experience
in network security, computer hardware integration, software development
and analysis, I am a seasoned leader in the high tech security and forensics
industry.
I have extensive expert testimony experience in state and federal courts and
will provide my C.V. upon request.
Alterian
Technical Consultant
2001 - 2002 (1 year)
Acted as a technical interface between the sales representative and
the prospect to facilitate software sales. Performed proofs of concept to
demonstrate the capabilities of the software package. Developed new
  Page 1 of 2
   
interfaces, demonstration material, and reports using a variety of software
languages. Worked with existing clients to solve technical issues and increase
their sales volume.
Concepts Dynamic
Controller/Application Consultant/Technical Services Manager
December 1993 - December 2001 (8 years 1 month)
TECHNICAL SERVICES MANAGER – 1997 to 2001 
APPLICATION CONSULTANT – 1995 to 1997 
CONTROLLER – 1993 to 1995
Directed the Client Services Department responsible for providing on-going
support and services to the current client base. Sold professional software
services to existing customers. Project managed several complex custom
software implementations over a large time scale. Performed second and third
line support and troubleshooting duties to client base for both the software and
database applications.
Education
Valparaiso University
Bachelor's Degree, Accounting · (1989 - 1993)
Luther High School North
 · (1985 - 1989)
  Page 2 of 2
