   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/lindsaymruss
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Coaching
Leadership
Leadership Development
Certifications
Organizational Learning and
Development
Teaching Techniques: Developing
Curriculum
Instructional Design
Honors-Awards
Leadership Certificate Program
Lindsay M. Russ
Strategist | People Developer | Consultant
West Bloomfield Township, Michigan, United States
Summary
“Be the change you wish to see” - Mahatma Gandhi 
With over 10 years in leadership with a focus on leadership
development, I approach all situations as an opportunity to build
and foster new relationships to inspire others to bring out the best in
themselves. I work to help others live confidently in the intersection
of leadership, wellness, and community. 
I effectively lead teams through organizational changes while
keeping a focus on developing the companies greatest asset - the
people. My skills in building trusting relationships and my ability to
take multiple perspectives, allows me to quickly analyze and create
strategic plans that result in successful execution and impacts to the
bottom line. 
I passionately drive results using creativity and innovation to provide
the best experience from beginning to end. My background in
hospitality allows me to keep a client centered perspective in any
role that I take on. It also ignited my passion for helping other leaders
gain the confidence in their potential, through integrating wellness
practices that amplify impact in their personal and professional lives.
Experience
Rock Central
Team Leader, Training
August 2020 - August 2023 (3 years 1 month)
Strategic partner supporting Amrock business goals utilizing cross business
relationships across Rocket Mortgage, Rocket Central, and technology teams.
Collaborative leadership for design and development of training solutions.
Experience with front and back end learning and development functions.
Business knowledge of mortgage and title processes.
  Page 1 of 3
   
Congressional Hunger Center
Talent and Development Graduate Intern
April 2020 - September 2020 (6 months)
I assist the Director of Training and Development with the Leadership
Development Curriculum and learning and development initiatives of the
Congressional Hunger Center. 
• Assist with updating learning management system of the CHC
• Create engaging virtual presentations to enhance learning process and
needs
• Conduct research and analysis to post surveys to make recommendations to
learning
plans
Renaissance Hotels
Rooms Operations Manager 
December 2018 - April 2020 (1 year 5 months)
Greater New Orleans Area
As a Rooms Operations Manager at the Renaissance Arts Hotel, I was the
department head and hiring manager of the front desk operations of a 219
room hotel. While managing a staff of 15 with 4 direct reports I was responsible
for data analysis and strategic planning and execution to drive operational
goals to meet key performance indicators. During my time, I was able to: 
- Facilitate monthly market trainings of over 15 Renaissance brand new hires
to enhance training and understanding of Renaissance brand and culture 
- Improve on-boarding process of new hires through structured and consistent
training planning and execution 
- Build cross - departmental relationships to effectively lead and motivate hotel
employees to drive results in respective departments and as a collective
Walt Disney World
Guest Experience Manager
July 2016 - December 2018 (2 years 6 months)
Orlando, Florida Area
As a Guest Experience Manager (GEM) at Walt Disney World Parks and
Resorts, I  served as a Front Desk GEM for the Polynesian Villiage Resort,
Custodial GEM at Magic Kingdom, and Food and Beverage GEM at Hollywood
  Page 2 of 3
   
Studios where I planned and implemented effective departmental strategies
to engage and inspire over 50 cast members to drive results and meet
operational goals. During my time, I was able to: 
- Train and lead the on-boarding of new hired cast members, providing tools
and resources to ensure successful retention and decreased operational
turnover 
- Gain familiarity with Learning Management System(s) to assist cast members
with training completions contributing to achieving top training compliance
scores
- Created visual aids, presentations, and training aids to train cast members on
new procedures resulting in timely training and adaption of process  execution 
Education
Michigan State University
Masters, Management, Strategy, and Leadership
Crummer Graduate School of Business at Rollins College
Crummer Certification in Business Management - Mini MBA 
Bowling Green State University
Bachelor of Arts and Science in Journalism, Public Relations
Bowling Green State University
Leadership Certificate Program, Leadership
  Page 3 of 3
