   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/wolfgang-
langer-a5101212 (LinkedIn)
www.softing.us (Company)
Top Skills
Automation
Product Marketing
Product Management
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
German (Native or Bilingual)
Wolfgang Langer
Director of OEM Business Development at Softing Inc.
Newburyport, Massachusetts, United States
Summary
My goal is to help my company to achieve their most ambitious
goals and strategic communications objectives. In addition, I strive
to the highest level of professionalism and experience when working
as part of an international team by providing strategic counsel,
creative solutions and timely, responsive services to the team and
the company.
• Project management, software architect, and communications
professional with diversified and successful experience with
industrial control technology, industrial software companies, and
general software design.
• Strong software development background based on a solid
education as a Computer Scientist.
• Expert in the IEC 61131-3 standard, the first vendor independent
standard for Programmable Logic Controllers (PLCs). 
• Proven ability to understand complex technical product features
and to transform them into easy-to-understand information chunks
reflecting the benefits of the product
• Experienced project leader for international development projects
• Extensive experience in managing international business
relationships
• Bilingual, Multi-Cultural – Fluent in English and German
• Dual Citizenship (USA and Germany)
Industrial Automation
Factory Automation
IEC 61131-3 PLC programming languages 
Software architecture and design
Software development
Industrial fieldbus systems (PROFIBUS, CAN, Modbus,
FOUNDATION fieldbus)
Industrial Ethernet (PROFINET, Ethernet/IP, Modbus/TCP) 
Industrial Networks and Communications Technologies: 
  Page 1 of 5
   
PROFINET/Safe, PROFIBUS-DP/PA/Safe, FOUNDATION fieldbus,
OPC Classic, OPC UA (Unified Architecture), Modbus/TCP, Ethernet
TCP/IP, FDT/DTM, Ethernet/IP, DeviceNet, CAN, CANopen,
Wireless Hart, AS-Interface.
Technologies: 
Industrial:   PLCs, PLC Programming Systems based on IEC
61131-3, HMI's, DCS, IIoT 
Software development: ANSI-C, C++, and .NET using MS Visual
Studio, Java
Web Design:  Adobe Dreamweaver
Graphical design: Adobe Photoshop, InDesign
Experience
Softing Inc.
Director of OEM Business Development
April 2017 - Present (6 years 8 months)
Newburyport, MA
Responsible for 
- OEM business development around industrial communication solutions
including, but not limited to, 
--- PROFINET, PROFIBUS DP/PA
--- FOUNDATION fieldbus
--- EtherNet/IP, EtherCAT, Modbus/TCP
- OPC Classic product development
- OPC UA product development
- R&D projects
- Key Account Management
Softing
17 years 2 months
Director of OEM Business Development
April 2017 - Present (6 years 8 months)
Newburyport, MA
Director of Marketing
October 2006 - April 2018 (11 years 7 months)
Newburyport, MA
• Responsible for 
  Page 2 of 5
   
- developing marketing plan
- marketing budget
- marketing communications/messaging 
- generating per-qualified leads
- working with trade organizations (e.g. PI North America, OPC Foundation,
etc.)
- paid content in various media outlets
- trade show organization
• Increased company's contact database from 1,000 to 13,000 contacts
• Developed/improved marketing communication strategies (e.g. introduced
newsletter format for US market - format and content was adopted by parent
company in Germany)
• Execute successful and ongoing actions to continually improve the
-  quality of the web presence of my company
-  name recognition of my company
• Provide feedback to R&D department(s) 
• Foster great working relationship with our German marketing team 
Schneider Electric
8 years
Senior Product Marketing Manager - Software Products
October 1999 - September 2006 (7 years)
North Andover, MA
• International Product Manager for Schneider Electric’s IEC61131-3
programming software package "Concept". 
• Evangelist for the international standard IEC 61131 within Schneider Electric
and its customers and active participant in PLCopen initiatives around IEC
61131-3 
• Product Marketing Leader of a development effort by Schneider Electric to
implement and market an Industrial Ethernet Diagnostic Software package.
In this role I was responsible for the definition of all product requirements, for
directing the R&D team in their effort to implement a user-friendly yet powerful
tool. In addition, responsible for the development of the commercial message
and the commercial material.
  Page 3 of 5
   
• Leadership of an international project with the goal to implement 21 CFR part
11 relevant features into Schneider’s IEC PLC programming tool as well as in
Schneider’s high end Quantum PLC platform. This project was successfully
executed and released on time and on budget.
Principal Software Engineer
October 1998 - September 1999 (1 year)
North Andover, MA
• Support and consulting services for multiple, international departments within
Schneider as an expert on European fieldbus systems
• Author of a Patent awarded to Schneider Electric on encapsulating CANbus
data into TCP/IP frames
• Participation in the architectural team of Schneider Electric's new PLC
programming software package UNITY
• Expert in IEC 61131-3, the international standard for Programmable Logic
Controllers. Part 3 (of 10) defines the basic software architecture and the PLC
programming languages: Ladder Diagram, Function Block Diagram, Structured
Text, Instruction List, and Sequential Function Chart
• Recipient of a special award from Schneider for acting independently on
a critical PROFIBUS issue at a customer site securing a multi-million dollar
investment in Schneider’s equipment 
ICT GmbH
Principal Engineer - Support and Marketing
August 1996 - September 1998 (2 years 2 months)
North Andover, MA
• Architect and project manager of a joint venture between ICT, Softing, and
Nematron with the goal to provide a state-of-the-art controls solutions for
General Motors based on PROFIBUS and OpenControl. The successful bid
resulted in General Motors standardizing on our solution.
• Successfully designed and implemented software applications using
industrial networks like PROFUBS, FOUNDATION Fieldbus, DeviceNet, and
CANopen
• FOUNDATION Fieldbus training and seminars provided locally and at
customer sites.
• Support Manger for all networking and fieldbus products provided by Softing
GmbH/ICT, Inc. 
• Coordination of the distributor relationship between Softing GmbH, Germany
and ICT, Inc.
  Page 4 of 5
   
Softing
Software Engineer
March 1991 - July 1996 (5 years 5 months)
- Specification of customer specific solutions, utilizing fieldbus components
- Design, implementation, and testing of industrial applications
- Softing representative in international industrial communication projects (e.g.
Interoperable Systems Project (ISP) - as a programmer; Fieldbus Foundation -
as a program manager)
- Hands-on technical support for national and international distributors and key
account customers 
- Product Management of industrial communications products 
- Development of marketing material e.g. data sheets, technical brochures and
documentation
- Prepare and execute 2-day training classes on PROFIBUS 
- Preparing and executing technical seminars and workshops at national and
international events
German Air Force
Hauptgefreiter (Private First Class)
July 1981 - December 1982 (1 year 6 months)
Education
Technical University of Munich
Master’s Degree, Computer Science · (1985 - 1991)
Berufsoberschule, München
High School, Computer/Information Technology Administration and
Management · (1983 - 1985)
  Page 5 of 5
