   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/wolfgang-
almeida-4b9bb4256 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Manage client expectations
Key Accounts
Client Accounts
Certifications
From Likes to Leads: Interact with
Customers Online
Attract and Engage Customers with
Digital Marketing
Foundations of Digital Marketing and
E-commerce
Wolfgang Almeida
Key Account Manager/ Project Manager
United States
Summary
Although my time in the Marine Corps taught me a great deal of
things, the most important of all was adaptability. It was a great
foundation that put me on a path of curiosity, pushing the boundaries
of possibility, and the true meaning of cohesion. Being able to adapt
to any location, mission, or team gave me a unique ability to truly
appreciate the power in pushing yourself to be the best while also
pushing others to be the best possible version of themselves. After
also being humbled on a few occasions and learning to become
more open-minded towards ideas, I found that work became
a lot easier if you trained and trusted your team. As a Mobile
Facility Technician, I worked with all areas of the Marine Corps Air
Wing including Avionics, Airframe Mechanics, Engine Techs, and
Logistics Marines. Our job was to support them with all inclusive
facility support which entailed all electrical, air conditioning, diesel
generation, welding, and logistical support both home and abroad. 
Following my transition from the military, I worked as a contractor
with R3 Strategic Solutions, which was an incredible experience. I
truly could not have asked for a better first job where I could build
on my technical skills as well as support the incredible mission of
the United States Navy. The level of professionalism from both the
active duty personnel and the fellow veterans that worked within the
company was incredible. 
Following my time in the contracting sector, my wife received orders
to Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan. I started working with
Marine Corps Community Services as a Lead Recreation Assistant
with one of the gyms, but soon found that I was looking for more. I
then was hired on with the Marketing Department as a Marketing
Technician and then a Marketing Coordinator which was a true
blessing. Within the Department, I excelled in both the day to day
operations of client marketing strategies and products, as well as
handling internal support within the department. Here, I developed
  Page 1 of 3
   
skills in digital media marketing, market segmentation, graphic
design, and contracting and procurement.
Experience
Marine Corps Community Services
1 year 6 months
Account Manager Key Account/ Marketing Analyst 
March 2022 - May 2023 (1 year 3 months)
Recreation Lead
December 2021 - March 2022 (4 months)
Iwakuni, Japan
Lead a front desk staff in day to day activities of a Marine Corps fitness facility.
R3 Strategic Support Group, Inc.
Diesel Mechanic
November 2020 - May 2021 (7 months)
Coronado, California, United States
Contracting as a diesel mechanic with R3 was such a pleasant and humbling
experience. I not only got to work with amazing service members of the Navy,
but also true role model veterans who embodied professionalism. In the short
time I was there, I not only was able to make an impact on their deployable
capability, but also learn how to navigate the struggles of transitioning from the
military with the amazing guidance I received. My stint there was halted once
my wife (active duty) received orders to MCAS Iwakuni, Japan.
United States Marine Corps
Mobile Facility Technician
August 2012 - September 2020 (8 years 2 months)
MCAS Futenma, MCAS Miramar
Served 8 years as a Mobile Facility Technician in the United States Marine
Corps. Both home and abroad, gained dynamic skills in leadership, self and
employee development, and a working knowledge of technical, logistical, and
time-sensitive problem solving areas. I was honorably discharged with the goal
of finding my next calling and making an impact with the freedom so many
have sacrificed so much for.
Education
  Page 2 of 3
   
Mainland Regional High School
 · (June 2009 - June 2012)
  Page 3 of 3
