   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
sharonlwolfgang (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Performance Reviews
Key Metrics
Organization Skills
Certifications
Scaled Agilist (SA) 
Sharon Wolfgang
Accomplished and Skillful Leader in the domain of Software Quality
Assurance, Testing and Process Improvement
Greater Philadelphia
Summary
Proven and accomplished leader in the area of Software Quality
Assurance, encompassing all skills required to lead a quality
assurance and testing organization.  
My key skills include effective management and organizational
abilities, vendor management experience, QA and testing domain
and industry standard practices.  In addition, the use and framework
around tooling, various development methodologies and oversight/
governance to process and procedures.   
My experience and application of key skills results in highly
productive, highly effective large  teams yielding  known vs unknown
quality.
Experience
AmerisourceBergen
Sr. Director - Portfolio & Shared Testing Services•Quality Assurance
March 2021 - May 2023 (2 years 3 months)
United States
ICS - AmerisourceBergen
4 years 7 months
Director, Distribution Services Testing Portfolio
April 2017 - March 2021 (4 years)
Chesterbrook, PA
Testing Manager
September 2016 - March 2021 (4 years 7 months)
Chesterbrook
Brandywine Global Investment Management
Quality Assurance and Testing  Manager
  Page 1 of 2
   
2014 - September 2016 (2 years)
Greater Philadelphia Area
• Establish a well-structured, repeatable and predictable delivery process
throughout the SDLC through Quality Assurance best practices in a growing
Global Investment Management company. 
• Provide thought leadership on improving test efficiency and effectiveness.
• Maintains product consistency throughout product development cycle, to
include the design, define and build phases through quality checkpoints and
testing. - Develop and manage quality assurance metrics for performance
improvement of all teams. - Implements ongoing quality improvement
processes working with interdepartmental teams; change control, root cause
analysis, CAPA plans.
SEI, Global Wealth Management Platform
Sr Development Manager Quality Assurance
August 2005 - October 2014 (9 years 3 months)
  Page 2 of 2
