   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/lindsey-
reynolds-1b9819b2 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Distributed Systems
Scala
Functional Programming
Certifications
Data Structures and Performance
Advanced Data Structures in Java
Lindsey Reynolds
Software Engineer at Netflix
San Diego, California, United States
Summary
I am a passionate problem solver, computer programmer, leader and
mother of two.
Experience
Netflix
Software Engineer
January 2023 - Present (11 months)
California
Software Engineer on Netflix's Cloud Gateway team.
Twitter
1 year 4 months
Software Engineer II
September 2022 - November 2022 (3 months)
Worked as a member of the Traffic Team, which is responsible for TLS
termination, routing all traffic to and from Twitter’s backend services, as well as
rate limiting, cookie compliance and more at a scale of millions of RPS. 
Worked on the development of a new lighter weight reverse proxy that would
have allowed for more intelligent routing at the network edge. 
Developed a route CLI tool that allows teams to perform bulk operations and
rollbacks on their routes.
Was a member of the regular on call rotation for several mission critical
services at Twitter.
Participated in and lead technical interviews for prospective employees.
Software Engineer
August 2021 - September 2022 (1 year 2 months)
Added version control to Twitter’s routing system, giving teams the ability to
rollback to old versions of their routes and view previous routes.
  Page 1 of 3
   
Created extensive on call and new hire documentation that had a significant
impact on onboarding new team members as well as improving on call
efficiency.
BCAUSEICAN INC
Volunteer CS Curriculum Writer
August 2020 - December 2020 (5 months)
Worked with another volunteer to build a 16 week Scratch curriculum that
introduces K-6th grade students in underserved communities to computer
programming. 
The curriculum includes interactive projects, homework assignments and age
appropriate lectures.
ViaSat Inc.
Software Engineer Intern
June 2015 - September 2015 (4 months)
Carlsbad, California
Created a light-weight, local application that streamlined the simple
functionality of the Agile Product Lifecycle Management Program. 
The program was geared towards the common engineer, manager, or casual
user. It allowed them to create, edit and manage requests, parts, and other
relevant Agile objects in half the number of steps required previously.
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineering (IEEE)
Micromouse Project Team Lead
October 2014 - May 2015 (8 months)
University of California, San Diego
Lead a team to construct and program a robotic, autonomous, maze-searching
mouse capable of competing in the annual IEEE Micromouse Tournament. 
I was responsible for organized meetings, coordinating deadlines and
delegating work to a team of 6 students.
Education
California State University, Monterey Bay
Bachelor's degree, Computer Science · (2019 - 2021)
  Page 2 of 3
   
University of California, San Diego
Bachelor's Degree, Computer Science · (2014 - 2016)
Biola University
Bachelor of Arts - BA, Studio Art · (2010 - 2012)
  Page 3 of 3
