   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/ltereshyn
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Social Networking
Staffing Services
Time Management
Lindsay Tereshyn
Director, Talent Acquisition at ecobee with expertise in candidate
attraction and recruitment operations
Etobicoke, Ontario, Canada
Summary
As the Director of Talent Acquisition at ecobee, I lead a driven and
talented team of recruitment professionals who are passionate about
redefining the connected home space.
As the first hire at ecobee in recruitment I have been able to lead
the creation of "hiring at ecobee" defining our processes and
strategies for success. In earlier days at ecobee, I also supported
the rapid growth and expansion of the company from 70 to 500+ by
recruiting folks within QA, Hardware, and Software Engineering roles
primarily. 
I am motivated by ecobee's mission to create smarter solutions
that are good for people and the planet, and I enjoy working with a
diverse and collaborative team that shares this vision.
Experience
ecobee
7 years 5 months
Director, Talent Acquisition
June 2021 - Present (2 years 6 months)
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
As part of the Talent Team I am a key member of ecobee's growth. We are
rapidly expanding as we continue to redefine the connected home space. 
Manager, Talent Acquisition 
May 2019 - June 2021 (2 years 2 months)
Toronto, Canada Area
Supporting a driven & extremely talented group of recruitment professionals 
Senior Talent Acquisition Specialist
July 2016 - May 2019 (2 years 11 months)
Toronto, Canada Area
  Page 1 of 2
   
My focus is testing, engineering, and development! If this is your field of
expertise please feel free to start a conversation via LinkedIn.
https://www.ecobee.com/careers
Jobspring Partners
Technical Recruiter
May 2014 - June 2016 (2 years 2 months)
Toronto, Canada Area
Jobspring Partners is a technical staffing agency that matches the most
qualified IT professionals with organizations that offer rewarding full-time and
contract career opportunities.  
I worked on a specialized team that placed Product Managers, Mobile
Developers (iOS, Android), Javascript developers (Angular, React, Node),
Ruby Developers, Art Directors and UX Designers into full time and contract
positions around the GTA.
Education
Ryerson University
Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BScN), Registered Nursing/Registered
Nurse · (2014)
George Brown College
R.P.N Program Graduate, Practical Nursing, Vocational Nursing and Nursing
Assistants · (2012)
Ryerson University
Education/Teaching of Individuals in Early Childhood Special Education
Programs · (2010)
Etobicoke School of the Arts
Drama and Dramatics/Theatre Arts · (2006)
  Page 2 of 2
