   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/lindseylacross
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Hospitality
Customer Service
Restaurants
Languages
Spanish
Certifications
Hearst INCLUDE Certified Change
Agent
Hearst Leadership Development
Program
Honors-Awards
UVM Political Science Departmental
Honors Program
Deans List
Cum Laude
Lindsey Lawrence
Digital Sales Manager, Hearst Television
South Burlington, Vermont, United States
Summary
Over my near decade in advertising sales for Hearst Television,
I have held positions in several capacities and was most recently
promoted to  Digital Sales Manager at NBC5. My current role
focuses on managing budget achievement across a range of
platforms and coaching a team of Account Executives to success in
selling a versatile portfolio of digital ad solutions, with local, regional
and national placements. 
Experience
NBC5
10 years 7 months
Digital Sales Manager
September 2021 - Present (2 years 3 months)
South Burlington, Vermont, United States
After a proven tract record in digital revenue and a recognized sense of
interest, I was promoted to Digital Sales Manager in 2021. In this role, my
focus shifted from TV to Digital but I maintained similar responsibilities
as my LSM role. I am my sales team's digital expert and conduit between
Hearst's corporate digital leadership and our Account Executives (AE). Digital
opportunities have expanded exponentially in the last few years, and with
that our clients range from local to national. I represent local site/app, OTT
streaming video, native content, and programmatic video and display. I
collaborate with AEs on client strategy and digital product positioning, often
attending client meetings to educate and consult our clients on best digital
practices and approach. My passion and expertise has translated to record
revenue in several product lines, as has contributed to a refined, educated,
and digital savvy sales team.
Local Sales Manager
January 2016 - September 2021 (5 years 9 months)
South Burlington, Vermont, United States
  Page 1 of 3
   
Responsible for managing a team of 9 Account Executives (AE) who were
selling our broadcast affiliates, NBC and The Valley CW. In the first few years,
I was dedicated primarily to the cultivation and growth of our brand-new
CW Network affiliate and dedicated sellers, evolving over to NBC after we
combined our two sales teams. My work involved weekly coaching and 1 on 1s
with AEs to ensure individual budget success, TV budgeting and forecasting,
contributing to weekly sales meetings and product lessons, and supporting
AEs on client strategy and pitching. I was also a direct-report for up to 50% of
sellers which brought HR requirements and general leadership responsibilities.
Account Executive
December 2013 - December 2015 (2 years 1 month)
Burlington, Vermont Area
In this client-facing role I was responsible for generating new business revenue
across all platforms, while managing and cultivating an active account list.
My business development came in the form of cold-calling local and regional
businesses, creating and delivering sales presentations, and closing business
to ensure all revenue goals were achieved. I was a successful self-starter and
motivated by helping my client's grow through broadcast television and digital
advertising. Product and market knowledge was critical, and just as crucial
were my time management skills. I closed record digital revenue and earned
the Hearst Eagle Award for Sales Excellence in my 2nd year of selling, 2015,
before being promoted to management in January 2016.
Local Sales Assistant
May 2013 - December 2013 (8 months)
Colchester, Vermont
Supported the NBC5 sales team with duties such as, but not limited too,
campaign order entry, account maintenance, and reporting. Became an expert
in our team's selling tools with the goal of growing into the Account Executive
role in the future. I was promoted after 8 months.
University of Vermont
Student Legal Services Intern
September 2012 - May 2013 (9 months)
Burlington, Vermont Area
As an intern with Student Legal Services at the University of Vermont, it
was my responsibility to attend weekly meetings and hold office hours. UVM
students can come to our office hours when they are seeking legal advice. I
met with clients and took down incident information, which I then presented
to my presiding attorneys in order to seek a resolution or advice. I advised
  Page 2 of 3
   
my clients based on how the attorneys advised me. I maintained client
relationships by updating case statuses, seeking information, guiding clients,
and often attending University hearings in off-campus court proceedings.
State of Vermont
Legislative Intern
January 2012 - May 2012 (5 months)
Montpelier, Vermont
In this position I supported a party leader and was responsible for attending
committee meetings, conducting research, contacting constituents, and often
drafting memos or letters. I also worked on strategies for caucus management
and organization with my supervisor. I also created spread sheets while
collecting research and surveys for party members as organizational and
informational tools.
Vermont Attorney General's Office, Consumer Assistance Program
Consumer Advisor
January 2012 - May 2012 (5 months)
As a Consumer Advisor I helped Vermonter's solve disputes with businesses,
protect themselves from fraud, and seek available resources. The Consumer
Assistance Program operates under the Vermont Attorney General's
Office, and operates a consumer hotline, mediates consumer disputes with
businesses, and tracks fraud or scam complaints. My job involved responding
to Vermont consumers who contacted the office either by phone or by
submitting a complaint, analyzing submitted complaints for fraudulent or
outstanding activities, and working to help effectively solve those disputes.
Education
University of Vermont
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), Political Science · (2009 - 2013)
Colchester High School
High School Diploma, High School · (2005 - 2009)
  Page 3 of 3
