   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/wolfgang-m-
pauli (LinkedIn)
neurobabel.org (Personal)
scholar.google.com/citations
(Portfolio)
learnanalytics.microsoft.com/
(Company)
Top Skills
Experimental Design
computational neuroscience
statistics
Languages
Japanese
English
German
Certifications
June 2022 MLADS Conference
Presenter
Patents
An end-to-end optimizable machine
learning approach for tracking three-
dimensional geometric shapes in
space
Adaptive Artificial Intelligence For
Three-Dimensional Object Detection
Using Synthetic Training Data
Wolfgang Pauli
ML Engineer
United States
Summary
Experienced Applied Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence
Research Scientist, with a Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in
Computational Neuroscience from University of Colorado at Boulder,
publications in peer-reviewed scientific journals on Computational
Neuroscience, Reinforcement Learning, and Neural Networks. In my
current position, I work on co-innovation with customers, discovering
and developing new applications for AI in diverse industries.
Experience
Apple
Machine Learning Engineer
July 2023 - Present (5 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Microsoft
5 years 3 months
Principal AI Developer
March 2021 - July 2023 (2 years 5 months)
Redmond, Washington, United States
Tech lead. Selected projects:
- Semi-supervised 3D object detection for preventing illegal wildlife trafficking
in CT scans of passengers’ luggage,  https://www.youtube.com/watch?
v=U3ozr16BS5A
- Mapping chimpanzee populations and social interactions of chimpanzees
in the wild, with face recognition and tracking, using machine teaching and
self-supervised learning. In collaboration with Oxford University and the Jane
Goodall Institute (JGI).
Senior AI Developer
September 2019 - March 2021 (1 year 7 months)
Redmond
- Digital Guide Dog. A smart phone app that German Railway (aka. Deutsche
Bahn) customers with impaired vision can use to find doors to train cars. Press
  Page 1 of 5
   
Release: https://customers.microsoft.com/en-us/story/1387428924526820027-
db-systel-azure-en
- Using deep regression to estimate the biomass of salmon in underwater
stereo camera video. Forbes Magazine: https://www.forbes.com/sites/
abb/2020/01/29/deep-thinking-how-ocean-ready-tech-is-changing-the-way-
norway-farms-fish/.
- Fine-tuning machine translation models to enable Volkswagen Group
in translating corporate language accurately among 40 languages. Press
Release: https://customers.microsoft.com/en-us/story/779468-volkswagen-
azure-automotive-en
Artificial Intelligence Developer
May 2018 - September 2019 (1 year 5 months)
Redmond
Developed and presented workshops on AI, data science, and machine
learning for Microsoft employees and enterprise partners. Selection of
scenarios we covered in these workshops: Unsupervised and supervised
anomaly detection, online object tracking with Siamese neural networks, data
distillation, real-time predictive maintenance.
California Institute of Technology
Postdoctoral Research Fellow
December 2012 - May 2018 (5 years 6 months)
Pasadena
Trained deep reinforcement learning (RL) architecture (DQN) and human
participants to play Atari games, used functional magnetic imaging (fMRI)
of participants’ brain activity, to probe their brains for simulacra of DQN
architecture.
Developed and applied machine learning pipelines (including SVM, Elastic
Net), to decoded mental states of human participants who were solving non-
Markov decision tasks while we acquired fMRI data of their brain activity.
Developed algorithmic models for a higher-order RL task and applied this
model to functional magnetic imaging (fMRI) data to identify populations of
dopamine neurons that signal prediction errors during appetitive and aversive
learning.
Designed and taught computational cognitive psychology course at the
California Institute of Technology, incorporating traditional lectures and
hands-on assignments with deep neural networks. Students appreciated this
  Page 2 of 5
   
combination and gave the course an above average rating of 4.2 out of 5
points.
Designed and constructed precision eye tracking hardware and software
(MrGaze) for use in fMRI experiments. Developed Python GUI (Qt, ctypes) for
real-time recording of eye gaze and pupil size in response to sensory events.
Developed software in Python OpenCV (computer vision) that monitors
respiration, pulse, and swallowing in research volunteers. Software
substantially improved functional MRI signal-to-noise ratio by removing
physiological artifacts from functional brain images.
Mentored 6 graduate and 3 undergraduate students in their research projects
in computational cognitive neuroscience.
University of Colorado at Boulder
Postdoctoral Research Fellow
September 2011 - December 2012 (1 year 4 months)
Designed biologically-inspired neural network in C++, which simulated the
trade-off between search cost and reward value in human decision-making.
Developed mixture of Bayesian experts model in C++, which simulated
how the brain hedges its bets by having two parallel and independent brain
mechanisms that make different assumptions about the structure of the
environment during reward prediction.
Conducted meta-analysis of 5908 scientific studies in Python, each study
reporting on the activity of approximately 223,000 brain locations. Through a
combination of dimensionality reduction, Bayesian inference, topic modeling,
assigned previously unrecognized psychological functions to separable
networks of brain regions. The results were published in the Proceedings of
the National Academy of Sciences and reached an Altmetric score higher than
97% of its contemporaries.
University of Colorado
Graduate Research Assistant
February 2006 - August 2011 (5 years 7 months)
Boulder, CO
  Page 3 of 5
   
Designed biologically-inspired neural network of human decision-making in C
++, which simulated the interaction between working memory and associative
learning in reward learning.
Developed software in Python that allowed rodents to interact with each other
through levers in their individual chambers.
Designed, conducted and analyzed experiments to test predictions of
computational models. Analyses were done in R.
Mentored two undergraduate honor’s students, who graduated with top
honors.
Philipps-Universität Marburg
Graduate Research Assistant
September 2002 - February 2005 (2 years 6 months)
Marburg, Germany
Designed and conducted experiments using 128-electrode EEG. Conducted all
data analysis
in R.
Bosch Magyarország
Intern
April 2004 - September 2004 (6 months)
Budapest
Developed a Perl-based help desk for the department of system administration
and network
security during my 6 week internship.
Brain Science Research Center at the Tamagawa University
Undergraduate Research Assistant
February 2002 - September 2002 (8 months)
We investigated the role of prefrontal cortical neurons in hierarchical decision
making tasks.
Education
University of Colorado at Boulder
Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), Computational Neuroscience · (2006 - 2011)
  Page 4 of 5
   
Philipps-Universität Marburg
Master's Degree, Computer Science · (2004 - 2006)
Philipps-Universität Marburg
Master's degree, Psychology · (2002 - 2005)
  Page 5 of 5
