   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
wolfganggruen (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
XML
JSON
Kubernetes
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
German (Native or Bilingual)
Spanish (Elementary)
Certifications
AWS Integrated Services
Software Processes and Agile
Practices
Deep Dive into Amazon Simple
Storage Service (S3)
Introduction to Amazon Elastic
MapReduce (EMR)
AWS Architecture
Wolfgang Gruen
Principal Systems Architect Cloud and Engineering Leader
Ashburn, Virginia, United States
Summary
Accomplished systems architect, leader and software engineer with
a broad experience in cloud architecture, software development,
product definition and technical project leadership with global teams.
Known for being the go-to person for complex analysis and person of
last resort for the most challenging customer issues.
My interest is in Cloud Architecture, Microservices, Machine and
Deep Learning.
Experience
ST Engineering iDirect
16 years 7 months
Principal Systems Architect - Cloud
November 2022 - Present (1 year 1 month)
Herndon, Virginia, United States
As a systems architect, I am responsible for the Next Generation Satellite Hub
deployment, integration with the Next Gen Network Management System,
integration of performance enhancing and 3rd party products.
Principal and Architect and Release Lead
July 2019 - October 2022 (3 years 4 months)
Herndon, Virginia, United States
As an engineering leader, I am responsible for product quality, release
readiness, defining a minimal viable product, release planning, writing and
negotiating of statements of work, and other aspects of projects with globally
dispersed, highly skilled teams.
As an architect, I am influencing concepts and architectures across
engineering
I engage with product owners, scrum masters, engineering leads, architects
and senior management across organizations to ensure we cover all aspects
needed for a high quality software release.
  Page 1 of 3
   
Led a project about unification of tools across our global organizations.
Supported the most urgent customer issues for the private cloud and
infrastructure
Improved scalable for infrastructure software to achieve the next level of
scalability requirements
Influenced architecture and concepts and diligently helped finding the best
solution with stakeholders across many organizations
Principal Software Engineer - Customer Success
February 2018 - June 2019 (1 year 5 months)
Herndon, VA
Supported the most complex field issues for the Satellite Hub for the Velocity
platform.
Prototyped a Satellite Hub as micro services, using Docker and Kubernetes
Negotiated incremental deliveries and deadlines directly with the customer and
provided the software solutions for most urgent and complex scalability issues
Senior Software Engineering Manager - QoS
June 2013 - January 2018 (4 years 8 months)
Managed a self-organizing, global Agile software development  team of cross-
functional engineers for new feature development for the Satellite Hub for the
Velocity platform.
Software Engineering Manager - PRIVATE CLOUD
June 2011 - May 2013 (2 years)
Managed a team of software developers and contractors, including off-shore
for the Infrastructure team for the Satellite Hub for the Velocity platform.
Designed and architected high available scalable private cloud in an Agile
fashion.
Incubated new features, while co-authoring requirements with system
architects and created high level design documents.
Senior Software Engineer - Infrastructure
May 2007 - May 2011 (4 years 1 month)
Developed scalability enhancements for the Satellite Hub software for the
Evolution platform.
  Page 2 of 3
   
Led multiple projects to successful delivery as technical lead.
CACI International Inc
Senior Software Developer and Team Lead
2003 - 2007 (4 years)
Developed software for the DOD Standard Procurement System. 
Supervised a team of seven developers.
Patton Electronics Co.
Senior Software Engineer
2000 - 2003 (3 years)
Develop software for a 96 port dial-up T1 internet access device. Gained
expertise in UNIX V kernel, TCP/IP, OSPF, IP protocols and routing protocols.
Education
Hochschule Mannheim
Master's degree, Computer and Software Engineering / Telecommunications
 · (1995 - 1999)
  Page 3 of 3
