   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
wolfgangcstrack (LinkedIn)
github.com/wolfgangcstrack
(Other)
wolfgangcstrack.github.io/
(Personal)
Top Skills
Software Architectural Design
Data Engineering
Software Engineering
Languages
Tagalog (Professional Working)
Japanese (Professional Working)
English (Native or Bilingual)
Wolfgang C. Strack
Software Engineer at Resilience
San Francisco Bay Area
Summary
Hello.
I'm a software engineer. LinkedIn is not really my thing but I respect
the grind.
Have a wonderful day.
Experience
Resilience
Software Engineer
October 2021 - Present (2 years 2 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Riffyn
4 years 4 months
Software Engineer
March 2018 - October 2021 (3 years 8 months)
I grew rapidly in this role after taking charge of a long-term project to re-
architect large parts of the back-end code across the organization. In essence,
the project involves facilitating and implementing a distributed, event-driven,
stream-processing architecture that is highly concurrent and horizontally
scalable.
This architecture is driven by Apache Kafka and Kafka Streams and I've led
efforts in implementing everything related to these technologies. These efforts
include but are not limited to:
- Expressing our data changes in the concise, intuitive language of "events",
both figuratively and in code.
- Converting parts of our app monoliths (Meteor.js web app, Python/Celery
data-processing app) to micro-services in various languages (Python 3, Java
8+, Scala), improving speed, state consistency, data integrity, and horizontal
scalability.
  Page 1 of 5
   
- Building out Kubernetes infrastructure for running Apache Kafka, Apache
Zookeeper, and our in-house micro-services—helping lay the foundation our
Helm charts in general.
- Teaching and assisting other developers in creating new features as part
of this architecture, and allowing them to reap all aforementioned benefits
(Python 3, Java 8+, Golang).
Aside from these responsibilities, I wear many other hats. These include but
are not limited to:
- DevOps engineer; helped all other developers run our architecture locally via
minikube, a python CLI, and parameterized helm charts. And also, again, build
out anything related to Kafka :)
- Engineering Standards pioneer; help improve coding practices and
engineering culture by writing/improving documentation, solving workflow
issues, and implementing automation in local/CI environments (e.g. testing,
style linting, auto-formatting, etc.)
- Culture and Leadership Team member; help to identify and keep or improve
general culture of the company by conducting 1:1 interviews and gathering
information on observed themes, individual relationships, and team dynamics.
Junior Software Engineer
September 2017 - March 2018 (7 months)
This role consisted mainly of data engineering and full-stack engineering using
Python 2/3 and Meteor.js (full-stack NodeJS framework) respectively.
On the data engineering side of things, I worked on improving the performance
of our data engineering processes (e.g. export and/or cleaning of experiment
data), working heavily in Python 2 and 3. During this time, I identified serious
issues with the existing architecture—particularly race conditions, non-
performant code that could (should) be parallelized, poor data integrity, and
poor state handling. After writing detailed, formal improvement proposals, I
implemented these proposals myself as solutions to the serious issues I found,
improving overall performance and consistency.
On the full-stack engineering side of things, I helped build and improve both
front-end and back-end components that would act as interfaces to the
aforementioned data engineering processes, facilitating things like user export
and/or cleaning of experiment data. I consistently contributed to almost all
parts of these interfaces, becoming fluent in NodeJS back-end code and
Blaze/React front-end code.
  Page 2 of 5
   
Software Engineering Intern
July 2017 - September 2017 (3 months)
This internship involved developing a full-stack progress-tracking feature
of Riffyn's experiment-data-export mechanism, to provide users feedback
on long-running processes. The project required a thorough survey of the
existing back-end codebase, which was written in Python, in order to predict
the amount of work needed to be done as well as ensuring that progress was
actually being tracked—this was achieved by updating an entity in MongoDB
that could be returned to the user client.
While the main part of the back-end was written in Python, this project also
involved developing a front-end circular progress bar that reflects the progress
being tracked. This circular progress bar was implemented through the Meteor
framework, with use of Blaze templates, Less, and JavaScript.
The length of the internship as well as the time to completion of a working
product for the project was actually about 1.5 months (end of July to beginning
of September). Upon finishing, I was promoted to a full-time software engineer
without needing to finish the full length of the internship (3 months).
UC Berkeley, Haas School of Business
Web Programmer, Office Assistant
August 2016 - May 2017 (10 months)
Under the CFRM department of UC Berkeley's Haas School of Business,
this position involved management of front-end updates to the website http://
accounting.haas.berkeley.edu/ with HTML/CSS and JavaScript. I also set up a
lightweight promotional website for Accounting at Berkeley and regularly gave
consultation on which web technologies would best serve the department and
these websites' purposes.
In order to keep my work correct, elegant, and efficient, I introduced a number
of arbitrary technologies to my workspace that were not previously there. This
includes version control with Git, private online git repositories, and a Unix CLI.
I also made use of Node.js and Python to develop my own automated scripts
for web scraping, code generation, and other repetitive tasks.
Amazon
Fulfillment Associate
June 2016 - August 2016 (3 months)
  Page 3 of 5
   
This position put heavy emphasis on customer-centricity, teamwork, and
leadership with responsibilities we needed to fulfill as the last connecting
line before a customer receives their Amazon purchase(s). With all of the
aspects of working in a sort center, we, as Amazon's fulfillment associates,
distinguished ourselves from other fulfillment centers by ensuring greater
quality of work and care when handling customer purchases.
On a less serious note, it was a pleasant side-job where you could say I
basically got paid to exercise :)
Advanced Studies Laboratory at NASA Ames Research Center
Web Development Intern and IT Team Co-Leader
July 2015 - June 2016 (1 year)
Under the NuLEAF Technologies Project at ASL at NASA Ames, this
position involved full stack web development while working with technologies
such as PHP, Symfony and Laravel (which are two different types of PHP
frameworks), MySQL databases, HTML/CSS, Javascript, and remote server
shell. Responsibilities included programming implementation and, later,
making higher-level decisions on implementation design for NuLEAF's
websites.
Foothill-De Anza Community College District
1 year
Computer Science Tutor
January 2015 - December 2015 (1 year)
Cupertino, California
Under the De Anza College CIS Department, this position involved working
with students in person in the computer lab on a walk-in/signup basis. The
courses I tutored for at De Anza College are:
- CIS18 Course Series: Unix/Linux and Shell Programming
- CIS22 Course Series: C++ Programming, Data Abstractions and Structures
- CIS29: Advanced C++ Programming
- CIS35 Course Series: Java Programming
- CIS64B: Introduction to SQL
In order to ensure that students were indeed learning, I took it upon myself to
place greater emphasis on having the student ultimately reach solutions on
their own. Doing this meant giving useful hints without revealing any answers,
showing where students typically make errors and how to fix those errors, as
  Page 4 of 5
   
well as sharing my own methods of learning along with extra references for
further reading.
Computer Science Teaching Assistant
January 2015 - June 2015 (6 months)
Cupertino, California
I TA'd for everything a CS transfer student would need, but primarily:
- C++
- Java
- Data Structures and Algorithms
Responsibilities included:
- Holding in-person "office hours" for tutoring
- Answering students' questions via online forum
- Assist the professors in their respective courses with tutoring material
Education
University of California, Berkeley
Bachelor’s Degree, Electrical Engineering and Computer
Science · (2016 - 2017)
Ohlone College
Transfer, Computer Science · (2014 - 2016)
De Anza College
Transfer, Computer Science · (2014 - 2015)
American High School
High School, General Edumacation · (2010 - 2014)
  Page 5 of 5
