   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
wolfgangsinocruz (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Process Control
Process Automation
Automation
Languages
Tagalog
Certifications
TUV Functional Safety Engineer,
Hardware/Software Development
EIT, Engineer-In-Training
Toastmasters - VP of Education
Six Sigma Black Belt
TUV Functional Safety Engineer,
Safety Instrumented Systems
Wolfgang Sinocruz, MS, MBA,
PM
Project Management
Bellflower, California, United States
Summary
Solid experience in various facets of product/business development.
Strong client management and technical expertise built from 20+
years of  comprehensive management and engineering experiences.
Versatile and results-driven in effectively propelling high profile,
revenue generating projects to the marketplace.  Experienced in
managing complex hardware, software, and testing projects from
prototype to production.  Ardent problem solver and analytical
thinking skills with a focus toward sustainable engineering solutions.
Champion of innovation in leading transformational changes that
enhances the organization’s ability to adapt to evolving industrial
trends and strong market presence.  A dedicated professional
committed to the implementation of best-in-class business practices
and processes.
•Project Performance Management and Quality 
•Risk Management
•Scrum Master and Project Stages  
•Financial & Resource Management
•Electrical & Computer Engineering 
•Global Team Management
•Hardware & Software Development Lifecycle  
•Contracts and Procurement
•Strategic Project Planning, Execution and Control 
•Safety & Reliability Engineering
•Stakeholder / Customer Management 
•Business Operations Optimization
Experience
Panasonic Avionics Corporation
Project Manager
December 2022 - Present (1 year)
  Page 1 of 6
   
Cloudvirga
Director, Technical Program Management
January 2021 - October 2022 (1 year 10 months)
Irvine, California, United States
•Effectively managed the execution of project activities with a high rate of on-
time delivery on significant revenue-generating projects for a growing SAAS
fintech startup.  
•Developed strong client relationships based on trust, timely interactions,
transparency, personalization, problem solving, and meeting/exceeding
business objectives. 
•Took the lead in optimizing the Client Implementation of technical
configurations and processes in the Staging and Production SaaS platforms.
•Oversaw successful Requirements validation and User Acceptance testing,
leading to Pilot, Production, and Go-Live events. Clients include large
mortgage lenders across US.
•Lead working sessions with clients to go over product demos, as well as
troubleshoot technical issues throughout the various phases of the projects.
•Worked effectively and professionally with internal and external partners,
including clients, vendors, and other agency partners. 
•Managed internal scrums within engineering to successfully resolve critical
features and bugs and develop plans for software build deployments to the
different clients.
Panasonic Avionics Corporation
Engineering Project/Program Manager
June 2013 - June 2020 (7 years 1 month)
Lake Forest, CA
•Managed effective execution of overall project activities with a high rate of on-
time delivery on significant revenue-generating projects.  
•Oversaw efficient transition across the full comprehensive product
development lifecycle from requirements, design, prototype, system
integration, testing, and production release.  
•Lead successful deployments of GCS and IFE systems certifications and
Entry-Into-Service installations in various types of Airbus and Boeing aircraft
configurations.  
•Achieved a high rate of customer success and satisfaction with major airline
customers, including Qantas, United, WestJet, and Air New Zealand.
•Managed the complex integration on the full suite of hardware and software
products, including air and groundside systems, inflight services, iOS and
  Page 2 of 6
   
Android applications, payment system, offload diagnostics, WISP, GCS
services, and others.
•Reduced quality-related issues through effective change control practices,
test coverage, regression and iteration-based approach.  
•Managed quick turn-around on resolutions to internal and field issues, through
root cause analyses and rapid deployment of product updates.
•Effectively led high priority short flow projects through effective collaboration
with various stakeholders and vendors at a global business environment.
•Drove cost-saving, by up to 50% in some cases, by utilizing resources and
corporate assets to more value-add efforts, and increased work efficiency with
parallel activities that takes advantage of competencies, load balancing, and
resource sharing.  
•Contributed to the innovative transformation of the organization as an
advocate for continuous improvements by identifying lessons learned
and vocalizing ideas based on modern product development and project
management techniques.
•Maintained a strong dynamic project team through effective collaboration,
agility, cohesion, and transparency in communication.  
Invensys Operations Management
Senior Product Development Project Manager
June 2007 - April 2013 (5 years 11 months)
Lake Forest, CA
Managed the overall project planning, performance and execution, including
scope, budget, schedule, quality, and resources to ensure that projects
achieve the business objectives.  
• Worked closely with cross-functional teams (Engineering, Product
Assurance, Marketing, Supply Chain, Manufacturing, Customer Service,
Quality, Project Management, and Portfolio) to obtain buy-in and support of the
final product. 
• Managed projects throughout the different stages of product lifecycle from
prototype, to Pilot and Production to ensure that products were introduced
to the market on-time.  Earned multiple awards recognizing on-time project
completion.
• Monitored and controlled various metrics of the project, including schedule
and cost variances, indices, and forecasts to optimize performance relative to
the project baselines and performed corrective actions where applicable.
• Lead a successful global project team (Germany, England, Mexico, India,
Canada, France) by implementing effective channels of communication and
  Page 3 of 6
   
various team building strategies.  Coordinated timely engagements among the
global team.
• Proactively managed defects and risks to maximize product quality, reliability,
and performance.  Drove rate of issue disposition to be comparable to the rate
of defect discovery.  
• Built lasting business relationships with customers, contractors, suppliers,
and vendors to maintain a reliable network that is aligned to address project
needs.
• Worked closely with various agencies (TUV, ATEX, CSA, FM, NRC,
WurldTech) to obtain timely issuance of product certifications and minimize
non-compliance.
• Helped ensure adherence to the industry standards (IEC, IEEE, MIL, ISO)
and compliance to internal procedures.  Typically held successful audits with
zero non-conformance findings. 
• Implemented techniques/methods such as Six Sigma, CMMI, Agile, and
Critical Chain in accordance to organizational initiatives.  Reduced task
estimates by 25% or more.
Invensys Operations Management
Senior Hardware Engineer
November 2004 - April 2007 (2 years 6 months)
Irvine, CA
Designed and tested safety critical control systems.  Evaluated system
reliability and availability.
• Designed and analyzed safety-instrumented systems through the use of
robust engineering design methodologies and in accordance to various
standards (IEC 61508, 61511, 61131, EPRI).  
• Performed Failure Mode, Effect, and Criticality Analysis (FMEA) to
systematically ensure fault coverage through diagnostics and other fault
detection schemes. 
• Analyzed reliability variables and models such as failure rates, MTBF, PFD,
MTTF, SFF, SIL, Diagnostic Coverage, and Markov models to quantify fault
tolerance.
Los Angeles Department of Water and Power
Electrical Engineer
April 2004 - October 2004 (7 months)
Los Angeles, CA
  Page 4 of 6
   
Designed security, access control, and surveillance systems.  Collaborated
with different construction teams to ensure coordinated effort and optimal use
of resources and equipment.
SoHaR
Electrical Engineer
October 2003 - January 2004 (4 months)
Culver City, CA
Evaluated military and commercial hardware systems to assess safety,
reliability, risks, and performance.   Performed circuit analysis to reveal the
fault characteristics of the system during the different stages of the mission.
UC Irvine
Instructor
September 2001 - December 2002 (1 year 4 months)
Irvine, CA
Taught C/C++, Analog and Digital Systems university level courses.
SoHaR
Electrical Engineer
June 2000 - September 2001 (1 year 4 months)
Beverly Hills, CA
Evaluated military and commercial hardware systems to assess safety,
reliability, risks, and performance.   Performed circuit analysis to reveal the
fault characteristics of the system during the different stages of the mission.
Education
UC Irvine
Master's degree, Electrical and Computer Engineer · (2011 - 2012)
UC Irvine
Bachelor's degree, Electrical and Electronics Engineering · (1994 - 1999)
UC Irvine
Certificate, Project Management · (2007 - 2009)
University of La Verne
Master of Business Administration (MBA), Leadership and
Management · (2005 - 2007)
  Page 5 of 6
   
University of Phoenix
Doctoral of Business Administration, Business and
Management · (2011 - 2014)
  Page 6 of 6
