   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
wolfgangwanless (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Adobe Creative Suite
Web Development
Video
Certifications
Project Management Simplified
Wolfgang Wanless
Product Praetorian
Denver, Colorado, United States
Summary
My name is Wolfgang Wanless and I'm a creative product engineer. 
With over a decade of experience in video, and a growing portfolio of
engineering projects, I have been working hard in my niche to help
growing businesses get results.
Let's talk about Web, AI, Video, Product, Plastic, or anything new
and exciting.
Experience
Boost Infinite
Product Manager
June 2023 - Present (6 months)
Littleton, Colorado, United States
Quorum Recruiting
Head of Product
March 2023 - Present (9 months)
Wonderful Waste
Co-Founder
April 2022 - Present (1 year 8 months)
Denver, CO
Wonderful Waste tackles the problem problem of plastic waste by turning used
plastic into useful, sustainable, and recyclable goods. Priorities for Wonderful
Waste include sequestering large amounts of plastic from going to landfills,
using locally sourced recycled plastic, and creating things that are further
recyclable and have long lifespans.
Storyvine, Inc.
Story Engineer II
September 2016 - March 2023 (6 years 7 months)
Greater Denver Area
  Page 1 of 3
   
As a Story Engineer I work with clients and our company to develop and code
non linearly captured videos through Storyvine. Storyvine is a video platform
that uses an app to guide users through a structured mobile capture, to record
video anywhere, anytime. Video is uploaded into the cloud and edited into a
polished fully-customized template in near real time for a fraction of the cost
of a film crew. Our web based management system allows users to capture
content, curate, and manage it in a simple way unlike any other system.
Storyvine is the answer for branded video content.
Lumena
Software Engineer
June 2019 - August 2020 (1 year 3 months)
Denver, Colorado, United States
Developed the alpha version of the Lumena kiosk software. Working closely
with the Lumena team, I used Windows Presentation Foundation to guide
users through the Lumena experience and trigger time sensitive file executions
to play both audio and trigger lighting sequences.
Glenarm Restaurants
Courtesy Patrol
September 2015 - July 2016 (11 months)
Denver
Currently carry the title of ‘courtesy patrol’, whose responsibilities include
acting as a doorman, being present for guests on the floor, selling tobacco and
alcohol products, and deploying and following safety procedures.
Starbucks
Shift Supervisor
September 2011 - September 2015 (4 years 1 month)
22nd and Sheridan
Worked as a shift manager, including both morning and evening shifts and
was responsible for cash control, advanced customer relations, monitoring
of labour, costs minimization analysis, and keeping everyone I work with in
high spirits. I was praised for my progressed business acumen, my ability to
increase store morale, and how quickly I adapted to new roles.
Rockley Family Foundation
Sales Associate
2009 - 2011 (2 years)
  Page 2 of 3
   
Typically I worked either at the front desk of the foundation greeting customers
and getting them set up, or working with the staff members moving instruments
for display and for customers. At the beginning and end of each weekend long
sale I would help set up and dismantle each of the guitars, keyboards and
digital pianos for transport to and from the events.
Denver Open Media
Media Intern
November 2008 - February 2009 (4 months)
Denver
Assisted customers with a variety of needs including managing the television
scheduler, operating television equipment, quality assurance to all leased
equipment, operating state of the art video editing programs, and some
occasional artistic advice.
Education
Regis University
Bachelor’s Degree, Computer Science · (2011 - 2015)
Jefferson County Open High School
 · (2007 - 2011)
  Page 3 of 3
