   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
wolfgangweston (LinkedIn)
www.realorganicseo.com
(Company)
Top Skills
Attention to Detail
Voice over IP (VoIP)
Transportation
Languages
English
Spanish (Limited Working)
Certifications
Preventing Workplace Harassment
Preventing Workplace Harassment
Honors-Awards
Student Achievement Award
Highest Honors Award
Perfect Attendance Award
Wolfgang Weston
Technology / SEM Specialist
Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States
Summary
Since 1999 my work has involved web and tech in one facet
or another... in particular SEO, or Search Engine Optimization.
Analyzed the project site, its competitors and implemented
necessary changes to the site. The work involves hard coding and
programming on the site (HTML) and tracking of performance with
reports for high visibility on search engines.
I have also performed design, architecture, construction, upgrade
and maintenance of PC and Laptop systems for home and offices
and clients. I have been a project technician, responsible for the
project management and installation of Hospital/Clinical printers and
user stations.
Also involved with the trade: LAN Design and Installation -
Preparation and splicing of CAT5/6 data cables and installation of
appropriate connectors; Splicing, crimping and installation; Wireless
Network Installation – WAN setup, maintenance and repair, includes
VoIP installation for telephone systems.
Experience: Adobe Acrobat, Photoshop & Premiere, cabling,
computer hardware, copy-writing, CSS, digital video, MS Frontpage,
HTML, industry analysis, internet marketing, Java, LAN, Excel,
Outlook, Word, Powerpoint, network installation, PC design,
hardware, peripherals, search engine optimization (SEO),
troubleshooting, video editing, video production, VoIP, Web
Development.
Experience
Uber ATG
Development Vehicle Operator
September 2016 - July 2018 (1 year 11 months)
Greater Pittsburgh Area
  Page 1 of 4
   
Vehicle Operator – Self Driving
• Vehicle Operator with self-driving technology. Passenger Operations and
Beta Test Driver in Ford Fusion and Volvo XC-90 vehicle platforms. 
• Expertly trained in high-speed scenarios for safety and precision. Working
with the latest format of vehicular automation. 
• Picking up and taking customers and VIP riders to their destinations
throughout the mapped Pittsburgh, PA area.
• Assisted Trainers with Trainees (Mentoring) in practical, safe street and
passenger operations (self-driving).
Amazon
Fulfillment Specialist
January 2016 - August 2016 (8 months)
Scanning packages, organizing pallets for shipments bound to regional post
offices.
Wolfline Productions
Computer Design, Maintenance, Upgrade and Repair Specialist
October 1999 - September 2012 (13 years)
• Designed, constructed, upgraded and maintained PC and Laptop systems
and architecture for home and office for home businesses and consumers.
• Engineered networking and wireless systems. Installed all OS, hardware,
software, peripherals and systems security.
• This job is self-employment.
The Kemtah Group, Inc.
Special Projects Technician (Presbyterian Hospital)
July 2011 - July 2012 (1 year 1 month)
• Maintained PC and Laptop systems, printers and scanning devices for
medical environment, much of which was a break/fix scenario.
• Installed all OS, hardware, software, peripherals and systems security
directly and remotely.
• Worked directly with PresRecord II Analysts to deploy EMR upgrade label
printers used with Epic and FormFast.
• Adept in creating Service Requests in CA with accuracy, legibility and precise
information to the specific needs of the project.
Veritude (Fidelity Investments Inc.)
Health and Insurance Benefits Associate
September 2010 - January 2011 (5 months)
  Page 2 of 4
   
• Assisted with customers with their health insurance, life insurance,
dependents care, Health Savings Accounts, Health Flexible Spending
Accounts, and Annual Enrollments and Online Navigation.
• Described to customers the differences between various health and welfare
programs provided by their employers. Customer employers included IBM,
Merck, ABB, Texas Instruments and BaSF.
RealOrganicSEO.com
Owner/President and (SEO) Search Engine Optimization Specialist
April 2001 - August 2010 (9 years 5 months)
San Diego, Phoenix, Albuquerque
• Surveyed and created specific SEO enhancements to allow for highly visible
organic search engine placement, utilizing industry research for search engine
strategy, copy-writing, building and managing keyword lists.
• Expertly coded raw HTML with Notepad and use of web editors like
FrontPage.
• Maintained Pay-Per-Click and SEM campaign experience, managed CPC
accounts with Google, Yahoo and MSN.
Z57
Website Production Specialist
August 2009 - February 2010 (7 months)
• Work with clients to build initial real estate related web product. 
• Determine specific client needs and contact information.
• Assist clients with implementation of design and marketing strategy that
conforms to client specific parameters and customization.
Citibank Call Center
Collections/Customer Service
December 2007 - August 2009 (1 year 9 months)
• All encompassing handling of customer service related issues for inbound
telephone inquiries, direct communication and constant feedback in a team-
environment with statistical goal orientation and active corporate culture. 
• Consistently achieved higher than expected goals in all required statistical
categories.
TalkShowThis.com
Producer, Floor Director
October 2006 - March 2007 (6 months)
  Page 3 of 4
   
• Produced and directed live, in-studio talk show for both television and online
audience. 
• Edited all pre-production and post-production video content, each episode for
online viewing and converted show content to web friendly video formats.
• Maintained social media promotion and advertising.
Homes.com
New Account Sales Specialist
September 2001 - February 2003 (1 year 6 months)
• Contacted potential clients for Real Estate Agent Web Sites and
Enhancement Services. 
• Outbound cold-called to qualified real estate professionals in need of a web
based internet marketing platform.
Victoria Station
Waiter
1983 - 1985 (2 years)
Served food and drinks at a popular national chain of prime rib restaurants,
this one located in San Diego, CA.
Education
ITT Technical Institute
Associates of Science, Computer Networking Systems · (2009 - 2011)
San Diego City College
Radio and Television · (1983 - 1985)
Patrick Henry High School
Diploma, General Education · (1979 - 1981)
  Page 4 of 4
