   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/lindsayrsymes
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
User Experience Testing
Remote User Testing
Usability Testing
Certifications
Nielsen Norman Group UX
Certificate
Lindsay Symes, MLIS
User Researcher at Sunbelt Rentals, Inc.
Peterborough, New Hampshire, United States
Experience
Sunbelt Rentals, Inc.
User Experience Researcher
December 2021 - Present (2 years)
New Hampshire, United States
• Current lead researcher on SBR eCommerce digital products
• Apply both qualitative and quantitative research and analysis techniques
to continuously improve the experience for end-users that engage with our
products.
• Provide feedback and recommendations to influence future UX product
updates.
• Conduct research at every step of the UX process from discovery research to
live-environment testing.
• Partner with stakeholders to establish long-term project goals and roadmaps.
EBSCO Information Services
UX Researcher and UX Research Recruitment Specialist
October 2019 - December 2021 (2 years 3 months)
Ipswich, Massachusetts
• Was responsible for organizing and presenting how User Experience
Research Team research is shared, stored, and presented to our team and
EBSCO Information Services as a whole.
• Recruited and retained recruiting panel participants for pertinent user
research.
• Coordinated, and executed user research projects.
• Communicated with internal project team members involving research
project, timelines, recruiting, and goals.
Boston Healthcare Associates
Market Research Specialist
September 2018 - October 2019 (1 year 2 months)
Greater Boston Area
• Planned, coordinated, monitored, and executed all project activity related to
candidate recruiting in order to meet project goals within a specified period of
time.
  Page 1 of 5
   
• Communicated with internal project team members involving project set
up, timelines, deliverables, and reiterate pertinent information regarding
candidates to project team.
Harvard University
1 year 1 month
Cobweb Web-Archiving Project User Research Consultant 
February 2018 - August 2018 (7 months)
Cambridge, MA
- Collected data for the IMLS grant-funded Cobweb web archiving project
including creating interview scripts and coordinating and conducting in-person
and remote usability studies.
- Analyzed data from user tests to create reports based on recommendations
from findings.
- Worked with team members at Harvard, the California Digital Library (CDL),
and University of California Los Angeles (UCLA) to communicate and report on
user testing.
Library User Experience Assistant
August 2017 - August 2018 (1 year 1 month)
Cambridge, MA
• Moderated and collected data for user research studies including, but not
limited to, interviews, surveys, usability and eye-tracking tests.
• Assisted with technology support of equipment in User Research Center
including basic troubleshooting and software updates.
• Conducted analysis of data from user studies. Build reports and visualize
both quantitative and qualitative data.
• Created video clips and presentations based on study outcomes and project
requirements. 
Simmons University School of Library and Information Science
Dean's Fellow for International Initiatives and Event Coordination
August 2016 - May 2018 (1 year 10 months)
Greater Boston Area
• Planned and coordinated institutes, symposiums, lectures, and special
events including the Allen Smith Visiting Scholars Program.
• Worked with staff and faculty to plan and coordinate international initiatives
and programs including study abroad.
• Provided support for monthly alumni board meetings, activities and events.
  Page 2 of 5
   
• Supported other projects and programs as required for the School of Library
and Information Science and School of Business including conferences and
forums.
Simmons University School of Nursing HPED Program
Competitive Intelligence Graduate Student Assistant
November 2016 - July 2017 (9 months)
Greater Boston Area
• Conducted market research about competitor health education P.h.D.
programs.
• Created, distributed and analyzed feedback surveys using Qualtrics to collect
data to improve the Simmons    College HPED program.
• Wrote an IRB application for qualitative quality improvement research.
DPI Specialty Foods
Master Data Management Clerk
September 2015 - February 2016 (6 months)
Tualatin, Oregon
• Analyzed and proofed vendor, broker and internal department paperwork
for entry into database, including vendor cost changes, new items and
maintenance and the DPI Vendor Portal.
• Assisted vendors with paperwork, verify provided information is complete and
submit to product supplier.
• Responded to vendors, brokers and internal staff regarding questions or
issues with submitted paperwork, including troubleshooting and correcting
discrepancies or incomplete submissions
• Received requests from buyers for changes to items or supplier information
and access and modify database accordingly.
• Provided administrative assistance to the MDM Manager and other internal
staff as needed.
Oregon Health Authority AmeriCorps VISTA Partnership Project
Oregon Health Authority VISTA Team Leader
August 2014 - August 2015 (1 year 1 month)
Portland, Oregon
• Lead a team of 25 VISTA members across the state of Oregon who served
full time in the public health field.
• Motivated team members by promoting progress at their host sites through
check-ins and site visits including as-needed counsel for immediate situational
needs.
  Page 3 of 5
   
• Implemented service day projects with non-profit organizations for Martin
Luther King Jr.,Cesar Chavez, and September 11 service day events with
VISTA team members and staff participants.
• Calculated budgets and arranged travel for team meetings and trainings
throughout the year in multiple locations statewide.
• Supported Oregon Health Authority staff to recruit 34 VISTA team members
that includes resume review and selection and interview panel communication
with host sites and applicants.
• Was responsible for cataloging and collecting the onboarding paperwork for
new VISTA members including background checks, fingerprinting, and other
required information and materials.
Philadelphia Parks and Recreation/AmeriCorps VISTA
Out of School Activities Volunteer Coordinator
August 2013 - August 2014 (1 year 1 month)
• Maintained a volunteer electronic background check system for over 1,000
volunteers.
• Problem solved with volunteers using the background check system to assist
them in completing the correct information to receive approval to volunteer at
recreational facilities.
• Created comprehensive resources to be used by recreation staff to support
the use of volunteers at recreational facilities across the city of Philadelphia.
• Increased volunteer recruitment by 70% for the Bingo for the Blind special
event. Retained those volunteers for the next Bingo for the Blind event 6
months later.
• Worked with Parks and Recreation staff to coordinate two annual city-wide
open houses with 30 recreation facilities.
• Worked closely with the Parks and Recreation environmental education
department to coordinate outdoor recreation activities and events for children
and adults for the Wissahickon Environmental Center.
• Taught the nationally recognized Grow Up Green interactive instruction
nature program to twelve 4-6 years olds at a recreation facility.
Education
Simmons University
Master’s Degree, Library and Information Science · (2016 - 2018)
Arcadia University
Bachelor of Science (BS), Communication and Media Studies · (2009 - 2013)
  Page 4 of 5
   
  Page 5 of 5
