   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/okwolf
(LinkedIn)
www.okwolf.com (Personal)
Top Skills
JavaScript
React.js
Front-End Development
Certifications
Security+
Agile Coaching
Publications
Hyperapp for Redux refugees
Ban software defects
Winning at failing
Wolfgang Wedemeyer
senior software hacker and tool builder
San Diego, California, United States
Summary
Full-stack software engineer with a front-end focus. Functional
programming fanatic. Built with open-source software. I have led
multiple teams of 4-8 developers, presented for groups of 100+, and
mentored more people than I can count. Software is an integral part
of my daily life, both professionally and personally. I'm constantly
learning what's new in my field, building solutions to all the problems
I encounter, and enabling those around me to do the same.
Experience
ServiceNow
Senior Staff Software Engineer
October 2022 - Present (1 year 2 months)
San Diego, California
Building the JavaScript framework powering our next-generation UIs and the
tools that make it awesome to use. Traveling the world teaching and coaching
devs about our software and how best to use it. Presenting at conferences
and on podcasts to promote awareness and adoption of our tech. Fine-tuning
performance of the full stack and building tools to better measure our progress.
4Thought Technologies, Inc.
Lead Technical Developer
May 2021 - Present (2 years 7 months)
New York City Metropolitan Area
Building containerized React/Node/Python application to make flowchart
representations of trading algorithms for backtesting, optimization, and
analysis without writing a line of code. Providing technical, architectural, and
product leadership including deployment strategy, testing infrastructure, and
microservices architecture.
Hyperapp
Core Contributor
August 2017 - Present (6 years 4 months)
International
  Page 1 of 3
   
Contributions include developer tools and core architectural product
development. I keep the core library fast and started a pattern for effects that
later became part of the core. I publish a library of effects that make it do
useful stuff. Perform developer outreach via authoring articles and presenting
at developer meetings. Provide customer support for bug reports.
Stripe
Frontend Engineer
May 2022 - October 2022 (6 months)
Application development for the Financial Connections software used by
external and internal customers for linking bank accounts. Contributing
developer tooling enhancements to improve test feedback loop and coverage.
Auditing and fixing accessibility issues to improve the user experience for
all. Data science research to identify, develop, and roll out experimental
improvements to key conversion metrics. Finding, debugging, and quickly
deploying fixes to production issues encountered by our large user base.
ServiceNow
Staff Software Engineer
October 2018 - May 2022 (3 years 8 months)
San Diego, California
Building the JavaScript framework powering our next-generation UIs and the
tools that make it awesome to use. Traveling the world teaching and coaching
devs about our software and how best to use it. Presenting at conferences
and on podcasts to promote awareness and adoption of our tech. Fine-tuning
performance of the full stack and building tools to better measure our progress.
Crypteron
Chief Technology Officer
January 2014 - October 2020 (6 years 10 months)
San Diego, California, United States
Project management and engineering leadership for SaaS turnkey application
encryption solution targeting C# and Java developers utilizing an Azure
backend and AngularJS frontend. Developed innovative new patent pending
crypto puzzle denial of service protection and fivefactor authentication
technologies.
Booz Allen Hamilton
Associate
February 2008 - October 2018 (10 years 9 months)
Greater San Diego Area
  Page 2 of 3
   
Joined one month after graduating with the skills and experience needed.
Learned the processes and practices of enterprise software development, the
importance of version control, configuration management, agile development,
and continuous improvement. Rose to technical leadership role managing
multiple teams and providing mentorship. Spearheaded using modern
React, Redux, and other tools to build a new single page application using a
functional paradigm.
Neqtr
Chief Technical Officer
March 2014 - March 2018 (4 years 1 month)
San Diego, California, United States
Provided strategic and overall product development leadership. Led iOS and
Parse cloud stack development. Assisted with business development and
video marketing production.
Education
Virginia Commonwealth University
B.S. Cum Laude, Computer Science · (2005 - 2007)
  Page 3 of 3
