   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/wkrause
(LinkedIn)
Top Skills
XML
Perl
Databases
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
German (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
Splunk for Analytics and Data
Science
Wolfgang Krause
VP of engineering at Salesforce
Mountain View, California, United States
Summary
Experienced and motivated software engineering professional
with extensive hands-on experience in all aspects of the software
development cycle. Proven track record of recruiting, building,
mentoring, and motivating agile software development teams.
Experience
Salesforce
11 years 11 months
VP of Software Engineering
November 2021 - Present (2 years 1 month)
Senior Director
November 2018 - November 2021 (3 years 1 month)
I currently manage various engineering teams as well as our business
unit's quality and performance engineering organization. I lead multiple
high performing distributed teams to achieve business objectives through a
combination of individual development and providing business and technical
leadership.
Director of Software Engineering
July 2017 - November 2018 (1 year 5 months)
Senior Engineering Manager
November 2015 - July 2017 (1 year 9 months)
Focusing on Development, QE and Performance. 
Building awesome teams that are working on the very core of the Salesforce
platform. We focus on customer-facing features like Salesforce query
language, multi-currency support or providing the plumbing that internal teams
need to extend the Salesforce data model. 
  Page 1 of 4
   
With my performance engineering team, we work on production degradations
and pre-production performance analysis. In concert with various scrum
teams, we're making things blazing fast for Salesforce customers of any size. 
My newest team focuses on "everything around" routing of customer requests,
CDN and other networking-related features.
In addition to being scrum master for my teams, I work on side projects on
production monitoring and feature adoption.
Senior Performance Engineering Manager
September 2015 - October 2015 (2 months)
Manager Performance Engineering
January 2014 - September 2015 (1 year 9 months)
Building and growing my team of performance engineers. 
My team supports 15+ scrum teams to build the fastest, coolest and most
efficient features for our customers. Besides guaranteeing "just" fast
response times for our users, we make sure our Cloud can handle the traffic
when thousands of users share the same hardware. We focus on mobile
performance work, front-end & a lot of backend performance work.
Senior Performance Engineer
March 2013 - January 2014 (11 months)
Designed performance tests, worked with Scrum teams to deliver the fastest
feature and estimated the production impact. Scrum master for our team. Built
tools for Perfeng/Salesforce, e.g. to support production dashboards for various
features.
Performance Engineer
January 2012 - March 2013 (1 year 3 months)
San Francisco
Performance testing for Flow, Workflow and a number of other features.
MarkLogic
Software Engineer
August 2010 - December 2011 (1 year 5 months)
San Carlos
- Designed and implemented MarkLogic Plugin for Nagios & script to generate
Nagios configuration script based on customer installation
  Page 2 of 4
   
- Designed and checked the implementation of Smart Plugin for HP Operations
Manager to monitor MarkLogic server 5
- Designed and implemented Database Replication support for MarkLogic’s
Admin Interface
- Designed and implemented parts of the Monitoring API for MarkLogic server
5
IBM Canada Ltd.
Internship - DB2 Performance - Toronto Lab
2009 - September 2010 (1 year)
- DB2 Performance work e.g. or Multi Tenancy Databases, Range Partitioning
& Continuous Data Ingest
- Creating of a SAP BW regression workload
- Thesis: “Discovery of Top-K attributes in XML Documents to speed up BI
applications”
IBM
Internship - DB2 pureXML Performance - Silicon Valley Lab
October 2008 - October 2009 (1 year 1 month)
- Department: DB2 pureXML (Performance group)
-Creating test cases for different use cases of pureXML
- Analyzing results of performance runs and work with software engineers to
satisfy customers
- Enabling of Rational Purify Plus tools for DB2
- Quality assurance for XML Index Advisor
IBM Germany
Internship - Tivoli - Boeblingen
March 2008 - September 2008 (7 months)
- Department: Tivoli for SAP Solution Development
- Improvement of &quot;Administration Assistant for Tivoli Data Protection for
mySAP, e.g. 
- Improving database access
- Optimization of the database schema
- Adding database support for DB2 
- Creating database documentation with Rational Data Architect
- Teaching One- Day- Tutorial about Rational Data Architect in the lab
Education
  Page 3 of 4
   
Universität Jena
Bachelor & Master's degrees, Computer Science · (2001 - 2009)
  Page 4 of 4
