   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/wolfgang-
lochner-b803a5 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Requirements Analysis
Software Product Management
Product Strategy
Languages
English (Professional Working)
German (Native or Bilingual)
Patents
Network location service
SELF-CONFIGURING NETWORK
Wolfgang Lochner
Director, Product Management / Principal Product Manager
San Francisco Bay Area
Summary
20+ years product line management in the security / networking
infrastructure, software and cloud industries with extensive
international experience. Background in Product Marketing, Sales
Engineering, Software development.
Switching, Firewalls, VPN, WAN connectivity and WAN acceleration,
Single Sign-On and Identitity and Access Management (IAM),
Network Services (DNS / DHCP), Analytics and Reporting,
Centralized Management, Embedded Systems / IoT.
Specialties: networking protocols and security, operating systems,
network management software, reporting and analytics, physical and
virtual appliances, Cloud, product lifecycle policies and processes.
Experience
Inseego Corp
Director of Product Management, Enterprise Solutions
July 2021 - October 2022 (1 year 4 months)
United States
• Product Management Lead for Inseego’s new Enterprise 5G SD EDGE
Solution. Brought the solution from a technology concept to product. This
product line consists of 5G Modems and Routers on-premises, a cloud-based
router as well as a ZTNA security gateway  and centralized management for
zero touch provisioning and monitoring of the infrastructure, running in private
or public cloud, integrating with other solutions with northbound interfaces.
• Product Management for Inseego’s flagship 5G cellular network router, used
for secure site to site use cases
Pulse Secure
Sr. Director Product Management / Distinguished Product Manager,
Secure Access Solutions
June 2019 - September 2020 (1 year 4 months)
San Jose, California
  Page 1 of 5
   
• Product Management Lead for PCS (VPN, VDI Gateway and Single
Sign On / IAM), PPS (Network Access Control, device profiling RADIUS
Server), vADC Application Delivery Controller and Pulse One (Centralized
Management and Analytics SaaS product). 
• Manager of four Product Managers. Hired one additional Product Manager,
mentor for Interns. 
• Individual contributor for vADC (Local and Global Traffic Management / Load
Balancing, Web Application Firewall (WAF)
• Individual contributor for appliances hardware, platform software and
certifications (FIPS, Common Criteria, JTIC, SOC 2)
• Owner of Product Management processes and policies. Developed and
introduced a new software release and support policy to offer Long Term
Support releases in a way that did not require additional resources
• Advisor to new Analytics SaaS offering for SSL VPN and Zero Trust Network
Access
Riverbed Technology
Director, Product Management, WAN Optimization
January 2018 - February 2019 (1 year 2 months)
Sunnyvale, CA
• Introduced WAN-OPT centralized management and analytics into the cloud,
starting with Azure and AWS
• Created a strategy to unify WAN-OPT and SD-WAN centralized management
and analytics platforms for increased user experience
• Introduced new pricing and licensing strategy with software focus, offering
perpetual and subscription pricing, consistent between cloud, virtual and a
physical new generation of WAN Optimization appliances
• Defined requirements for WAN-OPT networking and security features (QoS,
path selection, SAML for management, …)
F5 Networks
Sr. Product Manager, Application Delivery Controller - Access Security
May 2015 - September 2017 (2 years 5 months)
San Jose, California, United States
• Product Manager for F5’s ADC Access Policy Manager (APM), managing
Identity and Access Management (IAM) features including OAuth, SAML and
integrations with IAM vendors (Okta, Ping Identity, VMware, Microsoft,…)
• Defined features using an Agile methodology, working closely with 30+
customers to analyze use cases to prioritize Agile sprint content. GTM
planning and material creation, internal, external and with the partners.
  Page 2 of 5
   
• Product Manager for F5’s VDI proxy integrations with Citrix, Microsoft and
VMware. Defined and synced roadmap.
• Product Manager for F5’s centralized management and analytics solution for
all of the Access Security functionality. 
• Defined pricing for new generation as well as new higher scaling models of
physical and virtual APM appliances.
Infoblox
Sr. Product Manager, Appliance Platforms and Reporting
June 2010 - April 2015 (4 years 11 months)
Santa Clara, CA
•• Product Manager for Infoblox’ physical and virtual appliances for Network
Services (DNS, DHCP, IP Address Management), Network Automation, DDoS,
and Reporting / Analytics, reporting to VP of Product Management. 
• Defined reports and analytics / threat prevention requirements for DNS and
DHCP anomalies and attacks. Defined APIs using REST and data export
capabilities for integration with partner solutions
• Proposed to the Executive Team a next generation of appliances for all
product lines during IPO of Infoblox. 
• Introduced the products with significant additional hardware and software
features, enabling entering the Service Provider / Carrier market, leading to
incremental multi-million $ per quarter revenue, and increasing competitive
advantages for the Enterprise market. 
• Introduced a new small appliance and virtual appliances for local survivability
for branch offices such as Retail, Hospital and Government deployments.
Product introduction closed a $2+M opportunity.
• Established and ran a core team to monitor adoption and quality of the new
hardware generation
• Partnership Management: Worked closely with Splunk used in the Infoblox
Analytics product, and for virtual appliances with Cisco, Riverbed, VMware to
identify new capabilities and align roadmaps.
Check Point Software Technologies
Product Manager, Security Gateway Software Infrastructure and
Virtualization
September 2008 - May 2010 (1 year 9 months)
Redwood City, CA
• Product Management for Check Point’s operating systems for the Security
Gateway / NG Firewall appliances (Check Point SPLAT, Nokia IPSO –
acquired by Check Point): Developed a proposal to unify the two operating
  Page 3 of 5
   
systems in a phased approach. Collected customer, channel partner and field
feedback. Developed GTM plan and material.
• Product Management for Check Point’s virtualized security appliances for
managed service providers (VSX software and VSX-1 appliances), as well as
virtual machine / cloud based appliances (VE). Led VMware integration.
• Product Manager for FIPS and EAL-4+ Common Criteria certifications
Extreme Networks
Sr. Product Manager, Operating System + Network Management
August 2001 - August 2008 (7 years 1 month)
Santa Clara, CA
• Product Management and Product Marketing for Extreme Networks’ L2 / L3
Ethernet switch OS and Network Management / Analytics products, reporting
to the Sr. VP Product Management
• Introduced a next generation operating system (SOAP APIs, scriptable
CLI, automatic port configuration, modern web management, IPv6,...),
“ExtremeXOS”. Managed transition, working closely with key Enterprise and
Service Provider customers to prioritize feature sets. Introduced now patented
features for analytics and provisioning.
• Hired and managed two Product Managers. Retained individual contributor
responsibility for ExtremeXOS
• Responsible for all external and internal collateral for the OS and
management software. Evangelist at industry events such as IPv6 Summit and
trade shows. Presenter at regular channel and customer events.
• Established a formal software release policy and process. Certified internal
auditor for ISO 9001 and TL 9000.
• Partnership Management: Worked closely with partners (Avaya for VoIP,
Juniper for RADIUS, NetScout for RMON, InMon for sFlow, …) on feature
integration and compatibility testing
Wind River Systems, Inc
Product Manager, Sales Engineer, Development Manager
February 1991 - July 2001 (10 years 6 months)
Sunnyvale, CA
• Marketing Manager, Automotive / Telematics, Sunnyvale, CA, USA2/2000 –
7/2001
o SDK market strategy and product definition (OS / OSEK, communication
protocols (CAN, J1850, MOST, Bluetooth, …), User Interface graphics and
device drivers. Drove a third-party program / ecosystem to build a vertical
market solution
  Page 4 of 5
   
• Product Marketing Manager, Networking, Sunnyvale, CA, USA3/1998 –
2/2000
o Product Management and Product Marketing for embedded portable IPv4/
IPv6 TCP/IP stacks, SNMP stack, RMON stack, RIP/OSPF/BGP/DVMRP/PIM
routing stacks, HTTP stack. Products could be ported to any OS.
• Sr. Field Application Engineer, Asia/Pacific (Japan/Korea/Taiwan/China),
Sunnyvale, CA, USA3/1997 – 3/1998
• Field Application Engineer, US Western Region, Sunnyvale, CA, USA 3/1996
– 3/1997
• Manager of Development and Pre-/Post-Sales Support, 10 person startup in
Munich Germany – acquired 1996 2/1991 – 3/1996
o Manager of 3 engineers and individual contributor
o Development of bring-up code and device drivers for the embedded
operating system
o Sales Systems Engineering and Technical Marketing. Articles for magazines,
presentations at public technology events and customer visits, product demos.
o Technical Support for development tools, embedded OS / SDK and custom
developed software
Education
Technical University of Munich
Master of Science (Dipl. Ing, Univ), Electrical Engineering and Information
Technology · (1984 - 1990)
  Page 5 of 5
