   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/wkandek
(LinkedIn)
www.kandek.com (Personal)
www.advisorycloud.com/profile/
Wolfgang-Kandek (Personal)
Top Skills
Information Security
Technical Architecture
Engineering Leadership
Languages
English (Native or Bilingual)
German (Native or Bilingual)
Portuguese (Native or Bilingual)
Patents
Systems and methods for assessing
the compliance of a computer across
a network
System and Method for performing
remote Security Assessments of
firewalled Computer
Wolfgang Kandek
Head of Cloud Operations and Site Reliability Engineering
San Jose, California, United States
Summary
I have 20+ years of experience in developing and managing
information systems. My focus has been on Unix-based server
architectures and application delivery through the Internet. At
Marketo, I was responsible for the availability and performance of the
main Marketo SaaS application and the migration of that application
from on-prem to public cloud. Prior to Marketo, I was a Director
of SRE at Google and the CTO at Qualys. Earlier in my career, I
held a variety of technical positions at a number of startups and
established companies, EDS, MCI, and IBM. I received my Master's
and Bachelor's degrees in Computer Science from the Technical
University of Darmstadt, Germany.
In my CTO role, I had frequent speaking engagements at security
events and forums including Black Hat, RSA Conference,
InfoSecurity UK, and The Open Group. I used to blog at the Laws of
Vulnerabilities site - http://laws.qualys.com
Specialties: Internet service design, server architecture, high
availability systems, performance, and security architecture and
implementation
https://www.advisorycloud.com/profile/Wolfgang-Kandek
Experience
Marigold
SVP Site Reliability Engineering
November 2021 - March 2023 (1 year 5 months)
Responsible for the performance and availability of the Cheetah Digital
SaaS applications, on-premises and AWS cloud, both .NET, Windows, SQL-
Server and Rails, Linux, MySQL. Managed a team of 90+ platform engineers.
Increased uptime and lowered incident occurrences. Revamped incident
process and tools. Optimized AWS costs using Savings Plans and Reserved
  Page 1 of 4
   
Instances. Implemented instance monitoring using AWS APIs. Migrated on-
premises systems to AWS using AWS MAP programs.
Wikimedia Foundation
Site Reliability Engineering Manager
April 2020 - November 2021 (1 year 8 months)
Responsible for the performance and availability of the Wikipedia application. I
managed the core application SRE team directly.
Marketo
VP Site Reliability Engineering
September 2017 - December 2018 (1 year 4 months)
San Mateo, CA
Responsible for the performance and availability of the Marketo SaaS
application in the legacy on premise global environment. Improved overall
speed by 2x and uptime to 99.99%, reduced incidents. Implemented SSL
certificate management system improving service time by 400%. In addition,
in charge of its migration to the Google Cloud Platform a multi-month effort of
transporting the application to GCP, porting where possible and using Google
provided technology wherever of advantage. Implemented SRE teams and
synchronized with the company DevOps movement. Evaluated CloudSQL as
a replacement for hundreds of MySQL databases, Google Dataproc for on-
premise Hadoop, Kubernetes as a virtualization replacement, MongoDB Atlas
vs. local MongoDB and Kafka service options vs. local Kafka.
Google
Director Site Reliability Engineering
July 2016 - September 2017 (1 year 3 months)
Sunnyvale
Responsible for the Corp Eng Site Reliability Engineering teams in Sunnyvale,
New York and Sydney. Corp Eng SRE is in charge of internal Google
infrastructure such as DHCP and DNS, plus a large set of internal business
applications.
Qualys
14 years
CTO
July 2002 - June 2016 (14 years)
Redwood City
  Page 2 of 4
   
As the CTO for Qualys, I was responsible for the technological innovation of
the Qualys platform and its acceptance by the security market. I represented
the company at industry conferences and client meetings, formulating
general technical tendencies in the security industry and requirements for our
customers in general.
VP of Engineering
2007 - 2008 (1 year)
As VP of Engineering developed 3 new product lines (PC, WAS, MDS) for the
QualysGuard SaaS (Linux, Apache, Oracle, PHP) platform. Initiated refactoring
of the appliance code base (C/C++) and migration to a new internal scripting
language (Lua). Grew the engineering team by 50% from 40 to 60 engineers.
Implemented the first offsite Qualys engineering center in Beijing, China. As
Director and later VP of Operations maintained the Qualys SaaS platform
through periods of substantial growth from an initial footprint of tens of servers
to hundreds of servers and thousands of appliances. Grew the Operations
team from 3 system administrators to 15 system and database administrators.
Improved uptime from 99.5% to 99.95%. Implemented performance and
availability monitoring. Conducted SAS70 audits on Qualys Operations.
Negotiated national and international datacenter deals.
VP of Operations
2005 - 2008 (3 years)
Redwood City
Director of Operations
July 2002 - 2005 (3 years)
Myplay
Director of Network Operations
June 2001 - July 2002 (1 year 2 months)
iSyndicate
Director of Operations
January 2000 - June 2001 (1 year 6 months)
MCI Systemhouse
Technical Architect
October 1998 - January 2000 (1 year 4 months)
Hypermedia
  Page 3 of 4
   
Consultant
1993 - October 1998 (5 years)
IBM
System Analyst
1990 - 1993 (3 years)
Education
Technische Universität Darmstadt
MS, Computer Science · (1983 - 1989)
  Page 4 of 4
