   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/wolfgang-
hellicksons (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
SQL
JavaScript
C#
Wolfgang HellicksonSabelhaus
Software Engineer @ Ironclad
Mather, California, United States
Summary
Extremely passionate and curious programmer with a shiny new
degree to prove it. I am immensely intrigued by the advances in AI,
graphics engines and low level optimizations of computers. I have
years of experience in developing and deploying web and desktop
applications that utilize custom machine learning models, real-time
communications and graphical simulations. 
I am most passionate when I'm working on the breaking edge of
computing and I try to stay up to date with what's happening in this
fast moving industry as much as I can. I am currently looking for full-
time work, so if I seem like a great fit for your team please feel free to
message me.
Experience
Ironclad
Software Engineer
June 2022 - Present (1 year 6 months)
California State University, Long Beach
Shark Lab Student Developer
September 2019 - December 2020 (1 year 4 months)
Long Beach, California, United States
Used React and Electron to create a web based desktop app for data entry,
Windows Forms for easy to use data retrieval software that also taught the
researchers of the Shark Lab about SQL and the database we created for
them, and also helped researchers create complex queries and visualizations
for their research.
Vaco
Google Student Innovator
February 2019 - May 2019 (4 months)
Long Beach, California, United States
  Page 1 of 2
   
Worked to educate about and promote the use of Google Cloud Products on
campus through student and faculty outreach. Was able to create and attend
multiple events including speaking at classes and tabling with Google Cloud
employees at hackathons to help participants with trouble using Google Cloud.
Intel Corporation
Web Development Intern
May 2018 - August 2018 (4 months)
Folsom, California
Developed an internal tool that would help in the requesting, scheduling, and
returning of tests using AngularJS, SQL, and PHP. Created modular forms and
an easy way to add new tests by routing through a single config file. Enhanced
scheduling capabilities with visualized scheduling blocks. Created multiple
cross referenceable charts that would track number of requests, completions,
reasons for failure and more with customizable from/to dates. 
Education
California State University-Long Beach
Bachelor of Science - BS, Computer Science · (2017 - 2021)
  Page 2 of 2
