   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/
wolfganggerlach (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Research
Bioinformatics
Science
Languages
English (Full Professional)
German (Native or Bilingual)
Wolfgang Gerlach, PhD
Software Engineer at NetApp working on a Kubernetes management
solution
Naperville, Illinois, United States
Summary
Senior Software Engineer with a PhD in bioinformatics. Strong
expertise in architecting and implementing complex Kubernetes-
native backend solutions using Golang for industrial and
scientific applications in areas such as data management, IoT
and bioinformatics. Experience in design and management of
Kubernetes-based production-level infrastructures, including
architecting and implementing microservices and APIs, to developing
and implementing novel algorithms and data structures to analyze
biological sequence data. Microservice- and object-oriented,
concurrent and distributed programming experience in Linux/Unix
environments, strong focus on Golang.
Experience
NetApp
Software Engineer
January 2022 - Present (1 year 11 months)
Naperville, Illinois, United States
Implementing core-functionality features for NetApp Astra, a Kubernetes
management solution
Argonne National Laboratory
9 years 10 months
Programming, Sr. Analyst
2019 - January 2022 (3 years)
Lemont, Illinois, United States
• Technical management of server-side infrastructure for SAGE, an NSF-
funded national-scale cyberinfrastructure to enable AI at the edge. Designed
overall software architecture, planned and implemented microservices and
API’s to meet project requirements.
• Deployed and managed bare-metal Kubernetes production cluster
(Kubespray, Rook Ceph, MetalLB) to support diverse software infrastructure
  Page 1 of 3
   
(MySQL, InfluxDB, Jenkins and other in-house developed software and web
services)
• Developed IoT service to manage edge devices deployed in the field all over
the US  (Python, MySQL, SSH) (https://github.com/waggle-sensor/beekeeper)
• Developed an “app-store” for containerized AI applications for the edge which
uses Jenkins for automated testing (https://github.com/sagecontinuum/sage-
ecr/, Python)
• Developed a custom storage service on top of an S3 backend (https://
github.com/sagecontinuum/sage-storage-api, Golang) and an OAuth2-
compliant token introspection endpoint to enable token-based authentication
and authorization for all user-facing web services.
• Planned internships and onboarding for about 20 students.
Bioinformatics Senior Software Engineer
July 2016 - November 2019 (3 years 5 months)
Greater Chicago Area
• Implementation of a CWL-compliant workflow engine for scientific
applications. (Golang)
• Management of a 20+ machines CoreOS service cluster and a 500-nodes
compute cluster for MG-RAST (http://metagenomics.anl.gov/)
• Installed and configured various software components, including distributed
databases such as Cassandra and Elasticsearch (10-20 nodes)
Senior Software Engineer, Internet of Things
October 2015 - July 2016 (10 months)
Greater Chicago Area
• Waggle research project (http://wa8.gl): Responsible for the software stack of
Waggle (Python, RabbitMQ, Cassandra), an Internet of Things (IoT) platform
that enables sensor-driven environmental science and smart city research.
This platform was used by Chicago's Array Of Things project.
Bioinformatics Senior Software Engineer
April 2012 - September 2015 (3 years 6 months)
• Designed and installed a distributed fault-tolerant production server
infrastructure based on CoreOS/Docker technology (a PXE-boot bare-metal
deployment with 15 servers) for a scientific web service (MG-RAST, http://
metagenomics.anl.gov/) with over 45,000 users.
• Supervised and organized transition of existing software stack (including Solr,
MySQL, Apache, MongoDB, Memcached, Nginx and other) onto new CoreOS
deployment.
  Page 2 of 3
   
• Designed and implemented an extension to a distributed multi-cloud scientific
workflow system that automatically orchestrates Docker containers for
individual tasks in workflows. (Golang).
Education
Universität Bielefeld
Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.), Bioinformatics and Genome
Research · (2007 - 2012)
Universität Bielefeld
Diplom, Applied Computer Science in the Natural Sciences · (2001 - 2007)
  Page 3 of 3
