   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/wolfgang-radl
(LinkedIn)
www.pega.com/ (Company)
www.pega.com/low-code-app-
development (Other)
www.pega.com/products/pega-
platform/intelligent-automation
(Other)
Top Skills
Value Propositions
Knowledge Acquisition
Customer Advocacy
Languages
Spanish (Elementary)
English (Professional Working)
German (Native or Bilingual)
Certifications
ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT
Service Management
RPA Level 3 - Advanced Training 
RPA Level 2 - Orchestrator 2018.2
Training 
Kofax Transformation Modules 6.0
Data Mining with Weka
Honors-Awards
Merit Scholarship Award
Merit Scholarship Award
Publications
A More Efficient Method for Creating
an Expenditure-based Extraction
Benchmark in Kofax Transformation
Modules
And Data for All: On the Validity and
Usefulness of Open Government
Data
Wolfgang Radl
Changing the way our world builds software ◆ Solutions Consultant
@ Pega
Berkeley, California, United States
Summary
Technical pre-sales expert with over 15 years of profound
experience in Intelligent Automation, Intelligent Document
Processing, and Workflow Automation. Core competencies
include sales presentations, technical pre-sales, business process
management, and social selling.
Experience
Pegasystems
Senior Solutions Consultant
October 2019 - Present (4 years 2 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Fostered innovation leveraging Pega Infinity for Fortune 50 high-tech
manufacturing corporations.
• Pre-sales: Utilized deep expertise to conduct discovery sessions to create
targeted product demonstrations, playing a pivotal role in securing and
retaining multi-million dollar contracts.
• Sales Asset Development: Created reusable demo assets to highlight Pega
Infinity’s adaptability, Center-Out strategy, and leadership in enterprise-grade
Generative AI capabilities.
• Social Selling: Sustained an active LinkedIn presence, sharing insights on
Low-Code and Workflow Automation, with posts averaging 8,000 impressions
per year in 2023 with a high engagement rate.
MBO Partners
Independent Contractor
June 2018 - October 2019 (1 year 5 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Subject matter expert showcasing deep expertise in architecting and deploying
Kofax solutions, with a focus on agile delivery, design, and comprehensive
knowledge transfer.
  Page 1 of 4
   
• Solution Architect: Directed and realized successful customer projects
leveraging Kofax TotalAgility, Transformations, and RPA; established a track
record of enhancing process efficiencies consistently.
• Community Building: Recognized as pivotal figure in the Kofax community,
standing as one of the top three all-time contributors on Stack Overflow and
actively contributing in various groups on LinkedIn.
• Blogging: Maintained a Kofax-focused blog that drew an average of 1,000
monthly visitors, providing insights and promoting best practices: https://
theorycrafter.org/
SmartCAP IT-Solutions GmbH
Professional Services
January 2013 - October 2019 (6 years 10 months)
Vienna, Austria
Drove the successful delivery of large-scale projects specializing in digital
mailroom and accounts payable automation.
• Project Management: Oversaw projects over the entire life cycle, from
technical pre-sales engagement to solution delivery and post-sales support,
ensuring client satisfaction and success.
• Complex Project Delivery: Acted as pivotal Business Analyst and Consultant
for high-impact projects in the telecommunication and public sector, each
classifying over 10,000 documents per day as well as extracting metadata
within stringent service level agreements.
• Team Development: Leveraged expertise to cultivate talent within the
Professional Services team, mentoring one new expert annually on average.
Quipu KG
Kofax Consultant and Contractor
January 2013 - January 2018 (5 years 1 month)
Vienna, Austria
Served as a Kofax Consultant for Partners, responsible for overseeing solution
design, delivery, and the facilitation of enablement and knowledge transfer.
• Business Development: Played a central role in guiding a startup from a team
of two to Kofax Platinum Level partner with a team of eight, generating €1.2M
in annual revenue within a span of four years.
• Blogging: Maintained a Kofax-focused blog that drew an average of 1,000
monthly visitors, providing insights and promoting best practices: https://
theorycrafter.org/
  Page 2 of 4
   
Scanpoint GmbH
Head of Solution Delivery
August 2008 - April 2012 (3 years 9 months)
Vienna, Austria
Served as the Product Manager and team lead, leading both solution delivery
and development teams comprising 8 professionals, all working towards the
enhancement of the company’s internal process management system and
delivery methodology.
• Strategic Oversight: Annual budget oversight of €400,000, further responsible
for the enhancement of the process management system, ensuring alignment
with business objectives.
• Process Automation: Led the initiative to automate major segments of daily
operations, resulting in increased transparency and reduction of human touch
by approximately 40%.
• Team Building: Established and grew the Solution Delivery and Architecture
department from scratch, aligning with Scanpoint's pivot to in-house system
development for daily operations.
Kofax
Sales Engineer
January 2005 - July 2008 (3 years 7 months)
Austria
Directed cross-vertical teams, playing a pivotal role in securing 6-figure
projects within the realms of Digital Mailroom and Accounts Payable
Automation.
• Kofax-Certified Trainer: Empowered early adopters across Europe,
specializing in Kofax Transformations software.
• Post-Sales Support: Delivered crucial second-level support to Austrian
partners, successfully managing relations and ensuring smooth ongoing
operations.
Education
Fachhochschule Technikum Wien
Master of Science (MSc), Information Systems Management · (2013 - 2015)
Fachhochschule Technikum Wien
Bachelor of Science (BSc), Business Informatics · (2010 - 2013)
  Page 3 of 4
   
  Page 4 of 4
