   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/lindsay-
robinson-23bb4510 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Event Planning
Non-profits
Political Campaigns
Lindsay Robinson
Director of Development at Multidisciplinary Association for
Psychedelic Studies (MAPS)
United States
Summary
20+ year fundraising professional with senior management and
leadership expertise in cannabis policy reform, state and federal
policy and advocacy, fundraising, strategic planning, and budget
development and oversight.  
In my current role as Director of Development at the Multidisciplinary
Association of Psychedelic Studies (MAPS), I'm honored to lead
a team of brilliant fundraising professionals. At MAPS, we believe
psychedelics are powerful tools for healing the psyche. For the past
37 years, our clinical trials have shown the benefits and potential
of psychedelics in hopes to rewrite their cultural context. It’s our
mission to create a world where psychedelics and cannabis become
available for safe, legal, and beneficial uses, and governed by
rigorous scientific evaluation.
As the former executive director of California's largest and most
influential cannabis trade association (CCIA), I worked on policy
reform which benefited legal cannabis businesses across the state.
CCIA has led the charge on some of the most comprehensive
cannabis reforms policies in California. Through our lobbying efforts,
I worked closely with the regulatory agencies governing cannabis, as
well as state legislators and the Newsom Administration. 
Prior to working with CCIA, I served as Director of Development at
the Marijuana Policy Project for nearly a decade. My passion for drug
policy reform and fundraising has helped usher in dozens of state-
wide efforts which have transformed the legal landscape of cannabis
in the United States. I am extremely proud to have contributed to the
fundamental shift of how we regulate cannabis. 
I am a graduate of the University of San Francisco’s Master of
Nonprofit Administration program with a focus in Development. I
have worked in the nonprofit sector for over 20 years.
  Page 1 of 3
   
Experience
Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies (MAPS)
Director of Development at Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic
Studies (MAPS)
May 2023 - Present (7 months)
Founded in 1986, the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies
(MAPS) is a 501(c)(3) non-profit research and educational organization that
develops medical, legal, and cultural contexts for people to benefit from the
careful uses of psychedelics and marijuana.
We further our mission by:
● Developing psychedelics and marijuana into prescription medicines
● Training therapists and working to establish a network of treatment centers
● Supporting scientific research into spirituality, creativity, and neuroscience
● Educating the public honestly about the risks and benefits of psychedelics
and marijuana
California Cannabis Industry Association
7 years 5 months
Executive Director
May 2017 - May 2023 (6 years 1 month)
Sacramento, California Area
Member Board Of Directors
January 2016 - May 2017 (1 year 5 months)
Sacramento, California Area
Marijuana Policy Project
Director of Development
December 2013 - May 2017 (3 years 6 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
San Francisco and Marin Food Banks
Senior Manager, Major Gifts
December 2012 - December 2013 (1 year 1 month)
Marijuana Policy Project
Development Officer
  Page 2 of 3
   
March 2008 - December 2012 (4 years 10 months)
Center for Justice and Accountability
Development and Outreach Associate
January 2006 - March 2008 (2 years 3 months)
San Francisco Bay Area
Education
University of San Francisco
Masters, Nonprofit Administration · (2006 - 2008)
University of Vermont
Bachelors, Environmental Studies · (1995 - 1999)
  Page 3 of 3
