   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/nicolas-
delamaide (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
DevOps
Communication
Software Development
Languages
Anglais (Full Professional)
Portugais (Native or Bilingual)
Français (Native or Bilingual)
Nicolas Delamaide
Developer at OWT | EPF Engineer
Lausanne, Vaud, Switzerland
Summary
I am currently a developer at OWT and I graduated from EPFL with a
BSc in Life Sciences Engineering as well as a MSc in Data Science.
The most impacting skill that I developed at EPFL is learning how
to learn, which might sound simple but it allowed me to become
adaptable and succeed in a variety of unrelated environments. This
is well reflected by my journey through life sciences, data science
and machine learning, to now being a developer. I always try to learn
and look forward to any new challenges.
Experience
Open Web Technology (OWT)
Developer
April 2023 - Present (8 months)
Geneva, Switzerland
At OWT I worked on:
- Backend development using Java and Spring Boot
- Infrastructure as code with Ansible
- Cloud management using Kubernetes
I also got the opportunity to join OWT's corporate communications team,
where I help organize and moderate our company-wide online weekly calls, as
well as in person quarterly meetings for our 120+ colleagues.
CSEM
Master Thesis Student
August 2022 - February 2023 (7 months)
Successfully developed a deep learning model for predicting the heart rate
from PPG signals that challenges traditional signal-processing algorithms. 
Obtained a grade of 6/6 after defending the project for my master thesis.
Ecole polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne
Undergraduate Teaching Assistant
  Page 1 of 2
   
September 2018 - July 2019 (11 months)
Teaching assistant for a two semester programming course in C++. Helped
students with their weekly programming exercises and answered questions
about the lecture's material. Also coached 6 groups of two people for a
mandatory C++ semester project.
Education
Ecole polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne
Master's degree, Data Science · (2020 - 2022)
Politecnico di Torino
Bachelor's degree, Biomedical/Medical Engineering · (2019 - 2020)
Ecole polytechnique fédérale de Lausanne
Bachelor's degree, Life sciences engineering · (2016 - 2020)
  Page 2 of 2
