   
Contact
www.linkedin.com/in/wolfgang-
franzen-44718 (LinkedIn)
Top Skills
Channel Management
Supplier Relationship Management
Enterprise Software
Publications
Structure and Motion from Uniform
3D Acceleration
Representing Motion Using
Chronogeneous Transformations
Structure from Chronogeneous
Motion
Structure from Chronogeneous
Motion: A Summary
Natural Representation of Motion in
Space-Time
Wolfgang Franzen
Mathematical Technical Software Generalist | Principal Software
Engineer | Applied Research
Round Rock, Texas, United States
Experience
E2open
Principal Software Engineer
March 2018 - February 2022 (4 years)
Austin, Texas, United States
E2open acquired Entomo at the end of December 2017. Duties included
knowledge transfer of Entomo's technology, enhancement and bug fixes
to Entomo products and system infrastructure, implementation of a new
customer, and rotating system support duties.
Entomo, Inc.
Senior Member of Technical Staff
December 2000 - February 2018 (17 years 3 months)
Bellevue, Washington, United States
Major contributor to an integrated channel management system, and to a
supplier relationship management system. Large corporations use our channel
management system. Users access the system as a cloud-based (SaaS)
service. Customers’ and their partners systems integrate to ours through FTP,
email, and EDI.
One of the architects of the channel management platform. Made major
contributions to the persistence layer, the query layer, and meta-modeling of
customer data types. Also implemented the system component to integrate
with customers’ systems, and do data cleansing and format conversion.
Also, developed system applications. Designed and implemented our Channel
Incentive Management (CIM) application. It determines incentives for which
a company’s partners are eligible. The set of supported incentive programs
includes Rebates, SPIFFs, co-op/MDF programs, Ship & Debit programs, and
price protection. Some additional applications or system components for which
I was the main, major, or early developer:
• Perform sales credit assignment.
• Calculate commission splits.
  Page 1 of 4
   
• Calculate design win commissions.
• Schedule system jobs.
• Used fuzzy matching to dedupe master data and do record linkage.
• Track file arrivals, and check they match the expected frequency of
submission.
Developed the “Query Wizard” for our early SRM offering. Users could select
the subset of documents to display or export, as well as the fields to display,
and the fields on which to filter. The display fields and the filter fields could
occur in related documents, and were not required occur in the retrieved
document type. The code dynamically generated the SQL query necessary to
retrieve the requested data.
Transaga Software, Inc.
Co-founder & System Architect
1998 - 2000 (2 years)
Beaverton, OR
Co-architected and implemented a subsystem critical to the operations of the
second largest food distributor in Canada (Sobeys), with 11 billion dollars in
annual sales.  The software transferred relational data and files between a
legacy system at corporate headquarters and roughly 300 grocery stores. In
addition, the system provided automated software update.
Tactica Corporation
Senior Member Of Technical Staff
1996 - 1998 (2 years)
Portland, Oregon
Contributed to the development of a process-centric middleware framework
that facilitated the rapid development of systems where support for extended
or complex ("Off-line") transactions is required. Responsible for formalizing
the syntax and semantics of CapreraScript, a Java-like scripting language for
specifying business rules. Developed the compiler, interpreter, debugger, and
documentation for CapreraScript.
Reusable Solutions, Inc.
Member Of Technical Staff
1992 - 1996 (4 years)
Portland, Oregon
Consultant. Projects involved object modeling, rapid prototyping, developing
application user interfaces, mathematical modeling, and optimization. Co-
  Page 2 of 4
   
designed and implemented an application to calculate optimal staffing
levels for USAir airport personnel. Generated bid sheets for ticket counter
and gate personnel, and aircraft cleaning crews, while meeting contractual
requirements. This involved applied queuing theory, and linear programming.
Also, implemented part of the user interface for a seat allocation system for
USAir. Also, implemented the data entry and analysis portions of a system to
audit contributions to a pension trust fund.
University of Southern California
Graduate Research And Teaching Assistant
1984 - 1991 (7 years)
Los Angeles, CA
Computer Composition International
Senior Programmer
1983 - 1984 (1 year)
Chatsworth, CA
Participated in the design of the user interface for a WYSIWYG graphics
display terminal. Defined a language to describe scalable fonts, and wrote the
associated translator and interpreter.  Wrote the device driver for the display
terminal.
Mattel Electronics
Member Of Technical Staff
1982 - 1983 (1 year)
Hawthorne, CA
Participated in the design and development of a video game system and the
associated custom graphic chip. Suggested graphics hardware changes to
improve system performance.  Analyzed time, space, and signal-to-noise
tradeoffs for various sound and music synthesis algorithms running on a TMS
320. Performed a feasibility study of an auto-stereoscopic 3-D image display
technology.  Helped define hardware/software requirements for the associated
test bed.  Developed a mathematical model of the system under study, and
determined optimal parameters.  Devised novel graphics algorithms in C for
the generation of auto-stereoscopic 3-D images.
Transaction Technology, Inc.
Member Of Technical Staff
1979 - 1982 (3 years)
Santa Monica, California, United States
  Page 3 of 4
   
Evaluated vendor programming language and programming environment
support. Specified, designed, coded, tested, and documented software
development tools such as a dump generator/formatter package, batch
spooler, file comparison utility, and ANSI-standard tape labeling. Implemented
a multi-link communications protocol in TAL on a TANDEM computer.
Caltech Seismological Laboratory
Senior Research Assistant
1976 - 1979 (3 years)
Pasadena, California, United States
Developed FORTRAN data analysis programs.  Collected gravity data in the
field. This was a full time position, but with a gap of about a year while getting
my M.S. at USC.
University of Southern California
Research And Teaching Assistant
1977 - 1978 (1 year)
Los Angeles, California, United States
Worked with Per Brinch-Hansen, and investigated extending the
SOLO operating system to a multi-user operating system. Was also an
undergraduate teaching assistant.
Caltech
Research Assistant
1975 - 1975 (less than a year)
Pasadena, California, United States
Developed utilities written in Sequential Pascal to run under the SOLO
operating system.
Education
University of Southern California
Ph.D., Computer Vision · (1991)
Caltech
B.S., Mathematics · (1976)
  Page 4 of 4
